Although; I believe it is a good idea for student, who have issue in life, and student need to graduate to support their family. I believe that it is going to be hard for student. Because they have to get required classes, then go to summer school, and get a good grad. and work very hard after school. When those student who want to graduate from high school in three years. they must work hard for their school. and they have to pass a lot of test and SOL. To graduate from high school. then they can go to college.

example;people who are's emigrant,and want to do the three years of high school;they have to work hard.

When student want to do the offer programs three year of high school. i believe they have to work hard. To pass their classes. Also getting good grad for their classes, i believe that they must study hard, and be properer for any test that is coming on. They must pass their classes by receiving good grad. Also to receive a good GPA for their record, Students must attend every day because if they do not do that, it will effect their grad. Then they get behind. from a lot of things.

example, student have to work hard in their classes to receive a better grad.

Student who is taking summer school, and work really hard to graduate from high school. I believe they will have a better future for their life, and their family.

Because student will have the capability in the future to find a good job that they wanted. Also those student will have the capability to go to good college to study will. I believe having a good back round from high school any college will accept those student; Also a good GPA, and those student who want to do three years of high school. Must attend every day to do not get behind from their classes, Because not being at school will effect their grad. Also student must work hard for their graduation.

example, student must go to summer school, and pass those classes that they need;also i believe summer school will very easy.

They offer programs of three years, I believe student must pass their SOL in three years of high school to graduate. student must focus on their school and classes for receiving a better grad. Also i believe there are some student who have to work full time. Also come to school full time, and they are in the three years of high school program. i believe it will be hard for those student who go to school and work after school. there will short time for those student, to study for their lesson from classes. Specially for those student who is emigrant and do not know any thing about they new school. But still they have to work so hard to complete three years of high school. to graduation.

example;student will the opportunity early graduation; if they work hard.

I believe that three years of high school going to be hard for student. But it is a good opportunity for those smart student to graduate early from high school. then they can start their college earlier. because it gave them capability to make up their life Earle. Also those student will learn a lot of lesson during high school, and after high school. Then college that is the best part that student can learn the most things.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             