i strongly agree when the Former British Minister Winston Churchill say how failure takes a extremely important position in success. To success you have to fail many times as you need to the same thing so you can get it right and success on in. Success is the desire of outcome in many goals in life, is the gaining of wealth and fame,

Success is to attain desire of doing what you like even know you are going to have to fail on it many times doing in it.

Success consists of going from failure to failure because nothing is perfect in life. During life you are always going to have ups and downs everyday, you are going to lose people because you might be doing something that they don't like or maybe You might be facing some obstacles that stops you from success and doing what you like. During success you are going to lose your enthusiasm in what you are trying to success in. You are going to start thinking i can't do this because i have done it many times and i always fail on it or i can't do this because my friend's and family members say i can't do it because when i do it i always comes up wrong.

Failure consists in falling to do something,it consists in the inability to do something or perform To success you are always going to fail and fail and fail till you get it right. you are going to face many difficulties doing what you like or the choices that you make but in the end there is going to be a purpose for what you are doing. You are not going to success on something right away when you know is the first time you are doing it ,

you have to take steps by steps to do it. there are so many things that are going to be wrong, they are going to be times that you are going to fail on what you are doing. there are going to be times where people are going to try to put you down and tell you that you can't do it just because its your first time trying it and you fail it in your first time. And your enthusiasm is going to come down and down each day for everything that people tell you. but you have to always keep your enthusiasm up.

Because enthusiasm consists in strong and a warm feeling that tells you that you re always have to keep strong and keep your head up in what you are doing.

"success consists of going from a failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm"is one of the Quotes you always have to keep on mind when you are doing something the first time. Ia the quote that you have too keep on mind when people tells you that you cant do anything because you fail it your first time. is the quote you have to keep on mind when you fail the first time and the the second time you got it right. thats where you are going to known the meaning of the quote. and you are going to see that all hard work you have done it was for a purpose to success more in life. maybe you might lost people during that battle but when you know the meaning of the quote and you understand it you are going to know that everything was for a purpose in life and after all you when through you success a lot in your life.    