First impressions is what the person show you. The first impression is almost impossible to change. In my opinion I'm agree with this statement. Some people can think in a diffent way for they experiences. Most peoples can think the same way that I think. People can change with time not at the first impression when you meet someone. People can deside is they want to know the person better. People can change in there own way, or if they really want to change they need to deside to be better in life. The first impression is impossible to change. They need time,effort, and dedication to change. Most people can said that you do not need all those things to cange. The people at the fist impression. The first impression is what the person make you feel.

The first impression is what the person show you. The person can not change at the first impression, they most need to have the specific time to change. One of the most important fact to change is time. For example, is a person is fighting with a employee at the Ice cream story, you can not can change that person that way the he think. Maybe you must wants that. He need to realise what he is doing is something wrong .The person most have his reason for the fight. The person need time to change not at the firt moment the you meet. Most people can determine that they need time to cange. Another example of that is someone have a really bad adiction to do someting that do not have none benefict for his life. You most want to change that person. The first impression that this person make in you most be the most terrible impression. First impression is impossible to change.

First impression is actually what the person make in you. Sometimes is not the best impression that the person make .Sometimes you must want to change that at the same moment even is you do not know the person. The person can change with effort is you talk to the person and let her know that what is doing is not right. Maybe the person can change but not at the first impression that need take time. For example is a student is copy in a test and you realize what the student is doing you must want to change the way the he is thinking. The student need to have effort and act of actitude that he can do anything in life and have the effort to do it .Another example of that is you meet someone for the first ime in the attitude is so bad you most want to tell the people to change. The person need to have the effort to change is the person wants that. The first impression are almost imposible to change. First impression is what the person show you. Some people are more complicate they do not want to any effort to change. The first impression is the way the you most guess the personality of the person.

First impression is what the person show you. A good first impression is what the person guess of on you. First impression is what the person wakes you feel. You most not espect the negatives accion of the person, because you do not really know that .The specific time you most know that person is it something that you do not like of the person with dedication can change. For example is you meet someone at the park for the firts time and you and the person start talking. Most one of the two person want to change something in you or oppsite. The people can not change at the first time they need time and dedication. The first impression is more important when you meet someone for first time. For example is a father leave at him son when he was a baby , and when they meet for first time the father have to have the best impression for his son. The son wants to espect how his father is he most want to know that. The first impression is the most important for that father. That father have to change is he have something that his son do not like. He need to have dedication to achieve that. The first impression the more imprtant when you meet someone for the first time.

The people can not change at the first time. Many people think that we can not change a person with the first impression. A person need there own respected goal to change. The person need the time, and effort and dediaction to change. Nobody can not change people at the first moment they need time to analyze what they want.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               