Living in a place with frequentely hihgest demand to provide my best, is one the must important achievement. I agree with Emerson statement because with the individuality we can reach all our goals.

It is to important for me to recognize that i have to get my goals with effort. Because this help to provide, work hard, competition, and bocome the best .Individuality is a good factor to trust in my self to be the best because help us to look for option that help our lifes

.Working by my self make me work hard. when a person work by his own company he try to do a great work fixing everything it is the such as work alone, if you work alone yo going to do a perfect job to impresione others labors .For example, when i work without partner, i try to do a great gob to be one on the best workers. When i do my own work i feel excite cause, i could receive an award for be a good producer. everybody want to be award for their job so everrybody wish a reward. But to be award we have to hsave capacity in the jobs Many person due the same thing like me cause doing my the own work provide a big result. So working by my self make an emotion to work hard and to increase the amoung. Consequently to do a individual work make a good results. Doing own projects workers show more production In the factory and result good Therefore this help to get alot resources by workers.

Competiton is a ways to decrease the teamwork. individual competition is a big example of overcome. Examples could be when a person start to work in his job and start to recieve more money because the person is doing a great work ,this make that others poerson get mad so in the factory start the competition cause everyone want to recieve more money and they thick is unfair be reciving the same amoung of money so they start to argued why the manager give more money to the new guy but the thing is that he has a good specialization in the job. concecuently Many time the work competition provide a good production in the factory so, everyone want to get their goals like a good amount of products also,big accomplishment occur with the worker is trying to find a new way to get more product than other. For example, when a worker finished his assignment could receive free time,this make feel angry other workers so , they are going to try to look for others forms to produce more than the winner because, they want to receive the same reward for the production . To do a good competition the work have to be alone to and with big group people. competition is a good way for individuality work to provide a emotional affect. In many companies the owners look for a way that workers produces a lot and they offer money or free time to the person that make more products .as result, being in a factory with many labors working seperated make a big impact where everyone want to procud the most materials. Therefore,challenge could be a a good idea for separated jobs .

Looking for an accomplishment to become the best. Every one in this life want to have something to be recognize in this world althogh,to be a succefull person we have to work hard. Not matters what tell about us such as critique,bullying ,etc. The only thing that is important for us who we are. So the best thing that could can happens in our life is be a place where frecuently we are demand to do different things. Although with many problem we have to be patience and support all bad things. Because,if we wish to be different than the rest of persons and realize our goals. thought must be working by our selves. Because sometimes nobody is with us to provide help. fighting by my self i could be a big man in the socierity. Currently in the world we have many competition one example can be soccer,almost the majority look in the tv .Soccer is a game where a team have 24 for player. They have to compite who is the leader in the team. So like in the real life the leader is the person that work hard,help the other players .Otherwise, could be a leader in a company, to be the leader of a company ,the leader had to compite with other person that wanted to become a big leader ..Therefore to be a person succesfull have to take individual decision .

Being in a world where have to take decision and concern about goals is the best thing that we can have to show our capacity. Doing my own job make me put effort and dedication. Work in gruop is affect by bet. Being a different person than others. The person that different quality could be someone that can help. Because, this kind of person make the differences in the world trying to win in a place where the competition and the demand are in high level ,so they try to have imfluences in the in their jobs. The individuaity help alot in the world to be a succesful place. For example in the govermen there are many people with a big level to compite with other this, that means it i s has a great achievement in the government,so i agree with Emerson statement cause the competition provide good benifit for us and too the progress of the government,factory,countries,therefore being a part with competiton meke us to improve our best