Imagine of having your own business by the time you graduate from high school. I think its a good idea for students to commit or take specific courses at a young age for their future lifestyle because you will have more experiences also you can save a lot of money, you don't have to worry about for college. Althogh some people think its a bad idea for students to commit to a career because they just into high school, However they will have more experience by the time they graduate frome high school and live a better lifestyle because they already havea good career and have money and they might have graduate early and started their own family or family business. Some students like to be me a business man or women so the plan to take classes about thoses to topics so they can learn more and they can help the others with their busines.

The first reason why its a good idea to commit to career in a young age is because you will gain more experience and gather information that can help you with your career and have a better lifestyle so you can have everything you need and don't need nobody to help and you can ask others for their advices on hows to gain more experience and some students can take online class. I understand having to plan your career little early in hard because you have to have good grades and enough credits graduate early. So if you want to have better lifestyle you have to put in te hard work and you can't stop unitl you reached your goal and your happy with it. also you apply for jobs to gain as many experience you wanna gain for explam you can work at the fast food resturants and at subway and the doctor offices or at walmart and forever twentyone. and having a business is hard because my dad has one and we barly get to see him because he's so busy and his bussines is not even to close to us is at TN and we get to see him only once a month or two.

The second why having a career is so impartant because you can save alot of money like a lot. Because saving money is good because you can really rich and you have to be selfish in the begging if you want to became something great in life. although you have to spend a lot oof money at first because you having for your classes and programs that your in so you can study what you want and there are some school that will help their students to be succesful in life but have to put in the hard work first if you don't then thats a big problem because your not going to be rich your not going have a lot of money to have good lifestyle. So thats why students need to applying for jobs at age of sixteen and build baby steps to save money and doing good at school and having a better. There is alot of ways for stuents to gain money and save them for explam you make cupcakes at home and sale them at school or other events you can make alot of things a sale them and that how you save alot of money by working hard in school and having a job or making stuff.

The last reason for having your career planed out in a young is to help you in the future weather you have to go college or not and if you have enough credits and your testing scores are good and you don't have a history of getting into a lot of fights and trouble. Then college is for you and you don't have to worry about having to pay for college becuase you can get a schoarship to the best schools ever and college is a important part of your career and life its where you can get more education and help you to become a better at what your doing in the future and if you want to something big you have to work hard like you can't stop because people that put the work they don't stop until they got they want in life and honstley some people have to work hard for everything they want but others don't because the were born with golden life.

Although some its a good idea to have experience with other careers and with making stuff and having alot of money and not playing for college but first you have to put in the hard work in oreder to be commit to a career in a young age because its really hard when you wanna commit to something don't have the goods and good testing scores for in that means you have to do double the work that your already doing. some peple can do anything when they put their brain and mind to it and thats good because if i only foucus in school would have been a straight AB student but i didn't so its hard for me to do that now because there is no time left and what i am trying to say is that don't wait until the same minute to do something specially if you wanna have good career and want to commit to it.                                   