Career is the most important in people life. if people do not have a career, then will become a unemployed vagrant. People do not have work, so they do not have money. As the saying goes,if you do not have money then you can not do anything. therefore career is most important.

At a young age,students thought is more brisk. student will thing about the career that they will do in the future. At that time people have a illusion,visualize a bright future, have a expect on the career in the future. At this time, if the teacher gave student guide to selected towards a specific carreer. students will fiem and unshakable their thought. they will do the best one can to achieve the goals. Student will bring pressure on thierself. if do not have pressure,then do not have improve. In the high school, should provide the courses of select to guide them towards a specific career. For the reason: first ,by do this can develop good habits on the student, in the school. Second, student not only can study hard but also can get skills. Third students will be good at their class that they choose to be a career. In the school,develop the courses of specific career has more advantage. For example,student graduate on the university, they are not face with on the obtain employment. I think it is a good idea for student to gain the skill for the career.

On the another way, develop the career courses early, it will give student more pressure, because in this time student are still immature. if gave they more pressure,can not make students students but can make students fell repugnant. This way just run counter to student's intentions. Not all students need pressure to improve thierself. But some students do not need pressure. They do not engage in honest work and have neither learning nor skill in the school. sometimes students are not sure that they work on something in the future. This career class may gave this student more pressure,they should choose a career that they want to be in the future. Therefore,this ways just make students fell disturbed.

In short,the courses of study in high school are selected to guide to a specific career it is a good idea for students to commit to a career. Career is important. students should plan it early. In order to, can be batter able to work in the future. So can not face with obtain employment.    