Are we the future.? Ralph Waldo Enderson said." To be yourself in a world that is costantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishement." I agree with the statement of Enderson. May be some people will disagree with me. So I think is hard to be yourself in a world that is constantly changing because technology and social norms.

First the new inventes and advances in technology has brote new changes to our lives. We live in a world that is sorrounded by new advances in technogy. This has become essential and indispensable to preform our daily activities. For example the internet has become very important tool and so essential that we can't stay with out internet for even a day. We costantly surfing the social media. even if we love and hate social media we are always conected. We want to know what others think about us. With out knowing we fall in a new world call internet and we make chages just to be acepted, love even hate by othes.

Second we are part of a big sociaty. We born, grow up and died in a sociaty that has norms that we fallow. This norms sometime are written norms that are laws and if we brake this laws the sociaty can punish and we face consequences. Some norms are just unwriten norms that we fallow in our daily life. This norms can restrict our selve expretion and can stop us for doing what we want. So to fit and be aceted we fallow the social norms. For example if we go to school we must fallow thier rules to be able to get in school. We can't just walk in with a sexy litle dress and havy make up. The norms of the school are make for your to fallow the dress code. Even if you feel like the dress code restrict your personality and selve expretion. this norms are make for everyboby to mantain a the order and balance.

In conclution I must said that I agree with Enderson's quote " to be yourself in a world that is costantly trying to make your something else is the greatest accomplishement." therefore we emgrace new technology and follow social norms to keep the balance and maintain the order. We are part of a change together we can achieve new ideas and build a better sociaty.

So we can leave a better future for our childrens.              