When working alone, I agree that it is more time saveing and benifical because. You are more focuesd and consentradedon what your are doing. So when working on a job or school profect, you can gain experiance on working alone. You are also more indipendent when working alone, and that is helpfull when gong to colleg or getting your first job. Others can distract you and waist your time when working as a group, and you'll end up doing all the work . Ending up with a bad score in your grade. So because of this , people should be able to consetrate on their self , and do their own work alone when the time comes to do so.

First of all, working alone can make you more independent .So when you grow up, and leave off to colleg. Your not going to have any body to leach on, so you should be more consentrated on your self then others becouse. No one is going to want help you on your work. So from being independent, you gain that self confidence, and experiance of working alone. From this you are able to do your own choices. That allows you to get a job, or buy stuff that you want.

Second of all, when working alone. You gain a better understaning on the sudject insted of others opinons confusing you on what to do. Independent work can make you understand what your doing , and get a good score at the end or a higher paycheck if its a job. Other may distarct or confuse you on what the sibject is your doing. For an example, You might be doing a battery replacement on car. you would read instructions on how to do. then see an example on what to do, but from that point. the instructions is diffrent then what your trainer did. You might be confused on what your about to do, and then mess put at the end. Others may tell you that your doing it the wrong way, and distract on what your doing. SO working alone may save you time, and be more consentrated on replacing the cars battery, and finishing the job.

Finally, working alone can make you more focused insted of being distracted by others. You should focus on your own work then copying the same thing as another student. THat student might no bo corect and you are going to end up with the same failure grade as you stident you copyed from. Or when working in groups. Some students may be lazy. Leaving you with no time left, and making you do all the work. Sometimes others may have a different idea on a subject, amking you both fighting over witch one to do. Or some student may be playing around, making lots of sound. making you distracted, and not finishing the work you were supose to do. It is better to work alone because it will help you fous more, and get a good grade at the work you have done.

In conclusion, working alone can save your time, and make you independent on making your own choices. It will also give you that confidence of working independent, so you dont have to ask other on what to do. Working alone is just a good skill to have when you go off into your own life adventure. When you are able to do your choices ehter if its good or bad. You are more independent and responsible of doing your own work, and choices of what todo. 