Do you think it is a good idea for students to commit to to a career at a young age?

You can think about you own opnion , and get in your own word your conclusions and read the 2 reason and one example, ideas and one view the prompt follow the anwers in the same tittle.

2 Reason.

Good and bad.

1..Good reason...

I thing some students need to commit to a career at a young age because the young age, see the world in different forms, when the olders people dont see anymore becase, were see different because if somethink gift stop i get stop but the young students is different.

2..Bad reason..

I think is bad too because you young you see the world in different around you but is good too beecuase you can think the everythink impossible for olders;. is any stop for your show that you get a opportunities but the reality is different.

Example.

If you go to High School if you here in 10 grade but you get 17 years old, and you get a jod because you have a single mother if the work of you momm its imposible for pay everythig what you need for survive. you stop too go of follow you career and you said i dont due anymore, why because you see the real what is happening and you need something else, but when you think and young world you said i can help my mother and I also too I can finish my career too because you see if you want or need something you can get..

Ideas.

Young age Students can get more Imagine.

Can think that everything is possible.

Can get more opportunities for the future.

Some true reasong that you can see example.

The young age student is the future the tomorrow conclusion..

Anything can stop you, if you are student young age because is not matter in you age but and you think you can due and you show how you are ?you can due eveythink nothing is impossible because you can get stop in you career or you goals only if you permit this in you future or now everithing is depend you, and the young age is the future of tomorrow is something that i can said is true.

View the Prompt.

Do you see the all conclusion that people can get in the hands, but olders that is not mean that you feel ready for what you whant that is mean, you feel ready and you what is happenig and you now can said when you need the stop and get you own conclucion the you... I see one video that now the young age student that olders said not because you young you dont born for this or for stupid reason now that young age student have money and power and the society or margen that humant create.. The reasong why? is because they never forgive whent style young age what people want and need for they futures.