Success Consist of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. I think he is said is right you never give up on anything, you are always going to wings and sometimes you are going to fail. Because thats how you are going to wing never giving up. There is a lot of stuffs that I been done on my life, that now i start thinking i never finish what I start. But I dont give up i know I m going to end up doing them soon. for example there is a lot of people that have the motivation, then they start winning and fail ones and they give up. when you love something you gotta chases it because then you are never going have it.

Failure is a really strong word that nobody likes to like that hear some students get upset for failing a test or class they cant be late because they want to win is just like work if you want to start getting paid more you always gotta be on time and all that. so you can become better everyday. Soccer is one example about success soccer you got to learn a lot of new stuffs, Because you have to do a lot of practice. To win you gotta do something,and do it right all time. We all hate failing I hate failing, I always think that is just a waste of time. I fail so many times but i never give up because I know that I gotta finish what I started ow you are going to success

Enthusiasm thats whats the way to success on your dreams if never use that enthusiasm to do something you are going to be good at it you might fail more than ones but still think about what is going to give you. And just think positive that you are gone be sussefull. Lets said that i m trying to go to collage and I stared to work and stared to get a lot of money and all that. then I think about going back to collage and think of all the work that they do and all that im not going to keep going. Because I lost the enthusiasm that i had. Why because I stared to get more stuffs, and I wont feel success

Thats why i agree with what The britishs prime minister Winston Churchill said. That to get where you what you got to fight. And never give up on whats coming next yeah some times you going to fail but get up and keep going so you can be success and become better and always have a good enthusiasm on your life because every body deserves to be success. never lose your your enthusiasm because thats your key to success.