The limitations of human contact due use technology had negative effects in peoples's lives. Imagine how many accidents happen in they week because the use of the technology using programs a lot. Generic_Name was driving and playing his favoitrs games online,and he did not look to the red light. Limitatios with humans can cause many problems in your life. We need to have limit technology use. Technology gave negative effects in time with family, driving while you are testing, and energy electricity.

First of all, families have limitation of time to talk about their problems because they dedicate more time to technony. For example, Generic_Name was a girls in public high school. She was talking with an old man; the man was looking everyday, and she do not figure out because the man told her that he was in another country. Next, she did not talk with the families and she was one more of many young victim of kindnap. Another example, peoples in families use technology inapropiately causing get all on troubles and having less communication between them as human.

Secondly, some people prefer to talk in text message while they are driving. This is cause of many accidents peoples use devices in their car. Sometimes person does not even look who is begin stting next to them. The are some problems as someone told me. Generic_Name was driving with his mother who was in another country: She came to see him, but he did not left the phone alone and look at his back the computer after a two miles, they crash crossing a railroad. Also, we knows the risk of doing it. People think tha using technoly and have less communication with their family anywhere is safe, but they are wrong because one distraction for our limitation with others human can be deadly.

Thirdly, energy is anothers problem because people spend more money. Even know, this increase a lo of accidents because custome's companies just buy lof of thing as computer, cellphone, and toys. The problem is many peoples spend more time plugin in setting beside its divice charger to get some energy in their computer or cellphone. One more example in about this problems Generic_Name was addicted to the computer in his room. He was charging it. He was friendless because of this reason, and Generic_Name did not talk with his family as normally; however, he just say good bye everyday.

In conclusion, Everyone has to stop using technology for unimportant reaso or things. This will be more safe for you and your family. In ddition, limitation of human contact have more consecuences while you are with your family, driving, and spend more enery. It's your time to chane this word. ACT NOW!!! you can chane verything talk to your mother, father, and your whole family and peoples. I change. I am waiting for you because we do not want our future generation get adiction. The government and the whole word need to be safe: lookin around our beautiful natural resources.