If you wake up a day and you asked yourself what make a person different than other let me tell you that you are not the only one there are many other asked the same ( which is weird). But like John Lubbock says " your character will be what yourself choose to make it". I agree with John Lubbock because is important that you have to choose what will be your character traits and this are my reason. Firts reason is you create your own personality. The second reason is the you are not monotonous. And the last reason having others people respect.

When we create our own personality is means in a group of friend we are the funny, the serious, or the person the never pay attention what the other friend is saying ( that is me I never pay attention what my friends is seaying). Have your own personality is important because that is what make you unique when don't permit the other people influeneces with idea.

When a person is monotonous is they don't a different way to do the work they always is going to do the same every single thing for example in art class the teacher make a painting of a sundown and then they have to the same painting all the student is gonna put their own style to the same painting but this student is make a replica of the teacher work he don't put a different style or a different color.

Some people may says that be differentof the other people is no important. However having your own personality is very important and that is my tird reason, having your own personality can get other people respect and some is gonna says the why you are talking about. Well get respect from the others people with your personality can be healthfull because when you are good leader the workers respect you and they work more and if you still confesed well let me ask you if you work with boss the is always angry and he is always yell you will be confortable to work ( I don't belive) or your boss is always making jokes you know to be "cool" you will respect him (I don't believe).

In conclution is does matter what other people says or what they influences you always have to be you.