In this new year that we are now there are thosands of enjoyable and educational activitys. They can be fun because you get to do alot of things with them. These activitys should be done because they are very fun.

An activity can be fun is like playing a sport their are alot of sports out there that can be fun and aggresive but its exciting to play a sport because you get to go on trips and you get to verse other teams or with only one player. you get to even become a professional player

I played soccer for about two years and now i am good at it. Before in elemantary school i used to be bad at it and used to say "im bad at this" or ill say "im not good at it" but then i entered in a summer soccer program every evening or in the day i would go to a school and we would go to a soccer field. nI really loved that activity because you learn more and become good at it.

Another activity that can be fun and cool and enjoyable is playing an insturment. It is fun because i used to play an insturment the last three years and it was fun because you get to go to trips. Last year me and my friends went to Generic_City. We went with the orchestra class, band, and even chores. it was fun. and its nice to play an insrument because you have alot of oppsions to choose from and you even get to play nice soothing music or loud and extreame. And the fun part is that you get to be in a stage with your friends and play music infront of the audiance.

Another enjoyable activity is chemistry its fun because you get to mix different chemicals to objects or chemical to chemical. Me and my science class will be doing it this year i am happy to do it becaue i never mixed chemicals or never put on science goggles. i cant wait to do it this year we will be doing chemisry in april. Mixing chemicals can be hard and scary because what happens if you mix the chemcals and something happens in chemistry you have to be very careful with what chemicals are you mixing together.

I am very happy because you have thosands or hundres of activitys to choose from because their are alot of people who are loking for a good and fun activity. so i recommend you to go look for an activity that fits yoou right and that enjoyable and educational.