so just because i couldn open the exhibit window am going to write about what do you i like to do in class. I like to work alone with no body bother me . sometime i like to with work with groups but is all depend what type of people am working with and also how is my mood during the day of in the class. When am working like to listen to music because it let me to focus what am doing and i dont get distracted with the others student talking about drama or what is going on an there life or school. Also when am in class i dont like when teachers or student start asking me question where i am from or what do i like to do. or sometime i like to work when the place is quiet because i can focus more and the place is quiet i can do my work in peaces. Also i like to have my personal bubble because i dont like when teacher or student come to my face and start asking me about stuff that i do not know or when they give me a attitude so that is the time when the situation will star to get worse because every time when the happen i will do the same to do them but mine it will be worse and sometime i cannot control myself. when the work in a group i like to work with people that wont talk to much and we do our own work. Because when i work in group who talk a lot i cannot focus on my work or they are just talking stupid stuff and trying to be funny there is when i get mad or when they trying to put me in there conversion that i do not care because if i am not talking to you or to the group that mean i am good and i do not need you or i dont need your opinion. I like to be my own personality because i know what i am doing and i am doing because i like it and when people told to stuff or me trying to be a different person just because they dont how i am or that way i dress or look. And i cannot be a other type of person who i am not because i will be lying to myself and lying to the people around me just because i am acting different or look different for other people to think i am like that. Also if you think we are friends and you start to get conferees around me and you start talking about your life i am just going to walk away because i didnt ask you about your life because i am not interesting in your life because if i did i probably would ask you but if i didnt ask that mean i really dont care what do you do or what do you like. If i dont like you you better understand i wont be nice to you and i wont try to have a conversation with you. Or event class class if i am not talking with anyone the mean i dont want yall to talk to me or if i dont like the teacher i just keep my distance but if the teacher i dont like and she/he come at know where an start yelling at me i wont stay quiet and i will say stuff back to you because you just come to my face an start yelling at me for no reason so that is telling me that you got a problems with me and i didnt know at about it. It is so ease if you respect me i will respect you back because if you come at mo where an start saying stuff to me and i really dont know what is going on i swear will disrespect you and say a lot stuff to you because you came to me saying stuff and every time that happen i really dont care if i hurt you or i hurt your feeling. If you leave me alone we probably we be cool and we wont have any issues with each other. Been around people is not my type stuff i like to do i just rather to be alone and do my own stuff but if need help would ask someone who i think they know just go to the internet and try to found what i need online. Because i dont like to bother people just to do it or try my best to guess in the answer.