I go with three years because many students are the helping hand in there family now a days .and many employers need need employees to. The military are always looking for people who want to join the force this three years will make it easy for them to employ some of the students in the army, air force,navy e. c.t. Some people are old to be in high school if you are 20years old and still in high school if they tell you that is four years instead of three years you will be kick out if that school and that is not a good thing. There are lot of ways that graduating younger better than graduating old you can finish school by the age of 18 and then still be learning but not in high school. if you beside to go to collage and finish your fours diploma or more you can that high school fours can be a disaster for the students.

The three years program is helping the student to finish school early and making him/her responsible in life be ready for life early by going to collage and spending the rest of the year that they should have be in high school in collage or other work places. there are a lot of ways that you can get in jobs great jobs and stuff all because you are young. Some work places need young people to work for them if you not young or if you are that old they will not take you in that job or that work place. for example i was trying to apply for a job in the internet i went through all the documents but what i so was you can't applied this job if you don't have a high school diploma think about if you were homeless and you need a job as soon as possible and they came and said that you can't have this job if you don't have high school diploma you,and you need that job but you still have fours to finish that is not a good helping point.

This program will help the student a lot in saving time in his or her life time and finish school in a young age that is a big advantage for the student to have more stuffs to think about in life and just being in high school . This program is gonna save you a year of high school .If i have the right to this program i will make sure i do all the necessary was that i should do to finish school i year before my actual year. That will make me finish school in a young age and start looking for a job or go to collage. It depends what you want to do when you finish but it is a great idea and a great program to join to it saves time ,it can enable you to quality for jobs that required jobs that consider age. If it was me i can spend all summer without having a fun with my friends and go to the program do all work just to graduate early is just for a summer . Other one is that staying after school and i don't see any difficulties in doing that .it will save you time and even money because some school is not for free you have to pay to be in that school and other said stuff to pay too. All that will be limited for just pay three years instead of four years. it saves money and saves time. Programs like this have to be stand and be form as a big low that every school should do. It will even help some of the parents because not all students ride the school buses some of them they are brought to school by there parents a pick them again after school is not easy and some parents are working they can't always do that if the three years stands it will benefit the parents too by the way .The contain of my paper is minimize the years in high school. it also helps in man y ways like saving time, saving money , i can even say saying gas too because some parents take there children to school very day so if this policy stands legal and all the schools in the area are doing it they gonna make things easy for both the students and parents .