I think that if we always do something we are going to learn something new from our miskes. We have to do something always everywhere in the world even in the bad times of ours life time. For example we have to work, take cares of our children's and also ours country. As we born and grow up we have the right to work harder at school until we finish than we have to work.

we always have to work in untied state because we have a lot of bills every month in the Mali box everyday a bill is coming from different companies, Every month the rent of the house. Than the rent of the cars we drive. And the insurance of the cars. The bills from gas and water so from every where. We work this much money and we pay back more than we make and at the end nothing will left for us. Than we have to take cares of the kids always something new when ever they see something we have to buy it to them no matter what you cant say no we have to work so that we can take cares of them anytime anywhere. Unit they grow up they always asking for milk if the government dont give the families or the kids the snap which is a card they always or each month they sent money into the card so you buy food from it and thats for kids. If they dont help people and the people have to work even at night to prevent every things for their kids. We always have to do something for our country to do our jobs like we have to work hard to protect the people from dying we have to take cares of our jobs better. We have to help the government by paying taxis so they can do something to the country make the roads safer for us so we can drive in a better roads. We always have to do something that the people whos lives in the country proud of us such as the police mans, military and air forces or anything else who ever work they should be honest with their work. That way we can do something for the country.

In conclusion we always have time to work its never late if we want work or do something and instead of staying home is better if we work outside.       