More is always done when we do what we need to do, other wise we get lazy and say "I'll do it tommorow". We never know if tommorow will ever come for us to do the tasks that could be important. It's good to have a mindset where you like to get stuff done, that shows that youre an honest person, and it can really say alot about a person. When we dont do anything get stressed out, and worry about it to much, more then we're suppose to. Doing nothing is easier then doing something, but doing nothing has a bigger consequence then doing something. Around the world, there are people that accomplished alot, always by doing something, and not by doing nothing. There are Entrepreneurs around the world that didnt wait to do something with themselves. For example, Bill Gates, he is the richest man in the world with billions of dollars to his name,but how did he manage to get all that money? by doing something and not by doing nothing, doing what he needed to do, when it needed to be done, not waiting for tommorowto do the tacks that he needed to do to get where he is today. Bill Gates was always busy doing something to get stuff done for a company, now he's the owner for Microsoft. Doing something will always bring positivity around you, into your life, another example is Steve Jobs. Steve Jobs didnt wait to do something for himslef, he dropped out of college, but it didn't stop him from doing what he wanted to after that. He stayed in a small garge, worked day and night to invent a computer, the MacBook, with this computer, he was going to become a famous Entrepreneur. A couple of years later Apple came to be to what it is today, Steve Jobs worked hard to get his company to where is today, by working hard and not by doing nothing, but by always doing something. Steve Jobs is a great example of how much great can come by doing some. These two Entremreneurs are great examples of doing something, great should come. They both worked so hard for their companys, not waiting a day for something to be complete. Doing nothing will not get anyhting done, neither will waiting. So we have to get stuff done so we won't have to worry or stress about it later. to conclude my essay, we should always do something the moment we get the task, other wise it will never be done.