Is our past our future?

Many people won't grow, for the simple reason that they still live in the past, want to repair a mistake from the past, and miss somebody or something they had before.

Is totally true and the reason behind it if we don't let our past go as humans we know that at a certain time those things might come back and probably will hurt us a little bit more than the first time.

Living the past is something not easy but we have to understand that there are so many good and bad times in life. That sometimes, whenever something happen to us when get stuck and stop doing what you were doing for that moment . We feel like it will be the ed of the world because once something happen happens we felt like that little mistake will the fine our future but when is not five to six months can pass and we still living in the past. We still living in something that instead for us to stop us it showed us a lesson on how things in life work because we think we can't do anything that will fix our mistakes we've done in life.

Repairing certain things in our lives something could be harder than it seems the reason why is we feel we've do many bad things that all we feel inside of if that we're guilty for the simple reason that we just don't fin a solution and we feel like we've hurt eve the one around us when probably it was just something that life wanted us to happen to teach us a lesson and learn from it, but we see it on a negative way like if it happen only God knows why this and that happened to me like it was the biggest things of our lives.

When people had gotten hurt in the past sometimes is one of those painfullest things because once someone had hurt us we don't socialist with people when that's when also you are hurting people by not talking to them by not doing anything and because at once someone fail to us we don't want to trust anybody for a simple of one person when it shouldn be like that we juts have to learn how to forgive the ones that ave hurt us in he past but we felt like that is not the right thing to do.

in all of this three thing we just have to learn how to live with it our past won't define who you are right now or who your are going to be in a few years we just have to learn to live no matter what we all have situation in life that we right felt down at some point but if you fall just get up and continue the race.