I am agree with this idea because is the best opportunity not only to the hispanic people, well for everyone who want to follow his/her dreams, and has responsability or lower resources.

I think is great idea, because some students sometime or usually work. One reason why the students do not go to the high school is because they do not have enough time to do homework, study, or just hey want to make more money.

Rarely students really want to learn, or to feel like they need to go to the college or university, cause they have a few time to go to the high school. This idea is great and amazing to someone really dream and feel that the high school is the door to the college, university, or opportunity to do your dreams real. The advantage is if you finish high school in three years you have more probability to go to the college or university. The disadvantage is that three years would be very stressing and harding time, because you need really to focus in the high school and all that stuff like: homework, worksheet, project, study, or simple attention the class. The good news is you can do anything if you have purpose, if you have motivation and completely focus in your dreams and What do you really want to be or to do?. Do not worry is you feel fear that is normal everybody feel like that about the test, high school, or dreams.

I think is a big opportunity to me; well, I work and really need pass my last year, but sometime feel like "I cant anymore", and I want to leave or run of the high school and just work, and work, and work, but everytime I think like that just say me " NEVER GIVE UP ", always remember everything I did, why am i here?,and How too far wil be go for my dreams?.

Sometime the life is very unjust, cause some people have the opportunity of study withouth work, While others people do not have chooses, and that is the situation where the hispanic people live today. Well, that it's my point and why I am agree with this awesome idea. I have been thinking this system or program will be helpfull and better for every student that the system we have today. My view is if you finish the high school in three years, will be more effective, easy, and fast to be gratuated.

Thank you for your attention. 