I am agree, but sometime it is not possible to make something that we want. There is a lot of thing that we want but we can not to have it. Yeah, he was right to be ourselve in world that is constantly trying to make us something else is the greatest accomplishment. but in some situation we can not do what we want? for example; I want to be a doctor and my family support me for that, but the problem is that I am trying to to learn and search something about human life but I can not, because it is hard for me. Only in one condition I can reach for my goal. if I try my best and I study a lot. then I will be a good doctor.

If we do something for ourselve it will be good because we do the thing what we want it. It will be great to doing something good but we should discase with someone who is so close to us. by asking someone about our problame maybe we solve it. If we want to do something for ourselve so we need to finish high school and university. take digree after all that I will take a good job and then I make a good career for myself and tehn I will be have a great life in nthe future.

sometime it is possible to do the thing what we want. world is to big. whatever we want we can do it but we need someone to support us in the any type of situation if it is bad or good. if it is bad thing then he/she can tell me that it is bad and you can not do that stuff then I will never do that. If it is good thing then he/she can tell me and support me for doing that good stuff.

Everthing is possible in this world if we try and we should search about the thing that we do not know about it. by asking someone who have experience in the thing that we do not have. by searching I can change my life. trying is best to have great life. I will try to make a good life for myself. i have a lot of goal to reach for those goals but I should try because it is hard for me. everything is possible.

for making a good life in this world is not that mach easy that we thing. We need to face to face every problems. if we scare from the problem then we will not be able to do something what we want it before and we can reach it in the future. so we should be do the thing what we want to do.