Some people don't know how to play basket ball, Well I have some things that might help you with basket ball or build it or anything with the sport. The frist thing is the enviroment, most people play outside and others play inside, well I think you should play outside mostly on summer days because the enviroment is more cooler or warmer than other months. The second thing you should do is to try not to play in extreme temperature. The thrid thing is make sure its not high winds outside to be cold, this will effect your gameplay for basket ball if its high winds. Fourth thing is the good days to play basket ball, like summer days or sping time. The last thing for the enviroment is the day time and nigth time, you should play in the day time because nigth time you can't see much but in day time you can pretty much see everthing.

Equipment is important for basket ball, so here some things you would need for basket ball. The frist thing is a basket ball, make sure the ball is full of air and a frim grip. When play basket ball make sure the court is large enough for the sport. The court need to be a flat surface for the basket ball not to roll off. The next thing is a pole for the basket, make sure the pole is high enough for the basket and the ball to reach. The basket needs to be wide enough for the ball and a net that is short enough for the ball. The last thing for equipment is the out line of the court, it needs the out line for lineing up shots.

The skill of basket ball is important because of the gameplay is to win the game. Fitness is important for basket ball because it can bring up your stamina. Team work can make the game change from a losing game to a wining game, just by passing the ball to a teammate is important for skill. If you want to be good at the game then practice and trained your shots and make new openings. Strategy is important with teammates to win the game, think of new ways to beat the oppitsite team. Then you have planing, planing ahead is good way of back up plans to prevent losing. People just need to practice and trained if they want to be good at something.