Technology is something many people use in their daily lives, I belive technology has definintly made an imppact on people over time. Phones, cell phones, laptops, tv's have all been upgrated during the past couple of years, technology can effect us in both negative and positive ways but i belive that their are more negative's than positive's.

One reason I belive technology has more of a negative impact is because it causes a lack of communication with friends and with family, I myself have witnessed and expirinced this. Another reason in why it would be negative is the children using technology. Children can become more obsesed with electronnics than most teenagers and adults, I have a little brother that recived an ipad as a gift from my parents whe he was only three years old, only because he would'nt let my mother use her cell phone in peace, getting that ipad might have been the biggest mistake thats my parents could have made. My little brother (when he recived the Ipad) stopped playing with his toys, stopped watching his favorite show which was spongbob, stopped eating as much and also stopped listening to direction and became rebelious. Everytime one of the members in my family would try to talk to him it would be like he was zonned out; he just would not listen. Another negative impact this was would be that my little brother would yell when someone tried taking his Ipad away and thats when my parents knew it was a very huge problem, so they decided to put his Ipad away for a while as well as our electronics or atleast keep them out of his sight and over time I got my little brother back and my parents got their son back.

Secondly, technology can distract people in many negative ways, one way is safey, you could be walking, driving, on a boat it does not matter, but if you're on your phone and not aware of your surrounding, or not paying mind to them, than you could get hurt. Their have been many reports on people getting in car accident or getting hit all because they were not paying attention, but overall their have been more incidents while driving.

There are some ways that technology has also been benefial to us. Some ways that technology has been beneficial is if you work in a job that requires you to have a computer or laptop to make work easier, or having a busy work schedule that you can type into your phone and it would alert you about the things you have to get done. Another benefial way that technology has helped is shopping! eveybody loves shopping but somtimes you can't go out and do some shopping for yourself becuse maybe its been a long week and your exausted from work or you're injured, as well as having children. Children are the worst when it comes to doing things for yourself, which is why there is technology to help you out, you can do online shopping for grocieries, clothing, exc without having to leave the comfort of your own home.

In conclusion, technology overall has its ups and down, there are times where it can be beneficial and there are also times where it can be a distraction but it has definetly helped in the past in many ways one really big one is hospitals, technology has saved many lives and helped alot of familys so it really depends how you use technology for it to actually be benefitial. It's not good to take advantage of it, you have to use your brain as much as you can, people depend on technology too much and that's what causes problems.        