As human beings, our character traits are important in our lives, because they are what determine who we are, and how we are going to develop with the people around us. But those traits, do we really aquire them ? Or they are formed by little and dieferent pieces of things that trough the our lives they influeced us ? In this essay I will argue my point of view and why do I think.

Our parents, they were our firts teachers, and also the firts influence on us. I'm lucky for having really good parents, but not just becuse how they treated me, but also for what they teached me; being respectful, responsible, having manners, the good things. Those are traits that not everybody have, but the ones who do, it's because they acquired that influence from somebdy. When we are growing some other factors influed on us, I remember that in my firts group of friends everything we did was play with those Hotwheels cars and everything I wanted during my five trough nine years old were Hotwheels cars, it was in my personality the fact that I liked them, but if it wasn't for those ads on TV, those external influnces I wouldn't realize that I liked them, same with LEGOS when I was twelve, and videogames nowdays, and during that time and even now, those friendships became another influence on our lives, we play or talk about same things and when we are doing that they become a influence for me on the same way I become a influence for them.

We share and receive those little traits for outside and we forge them into a unique trait by mixing them with ours, making it part of our personality. Someone who says the opposite may have their point, because in this world there is a lot of people who came from the worst places, when you could see the worst influences for then. becoming an admiable and respetable person, but then were you listen their story, it was something, even a little influence, but for them was bigger than any other, even the ones that were in front of that people, so they wanted to reach it and they did it. People is really suseptible, specially kids, so lets try to keep those bad influnces on them, because as the same way a great person can come from a bad place, a bad person can also come from a rich place just because they were under some bad influence, teach them good things so they can avoid the bad ones. 