Positive attitude is the key to succsuss in your life is 100% true; because if you don't have positive attitude you can succsuss in your life and no body respect. you this is so important to be have positive attitude not only outside you should have a positive attitude in home, school and office and everywere we should respect our family mother, father brother and sister and we should have wonderful positive attitude with teacher, and with neborhood that they living with us the same place. we should respect them the positive attitude can you make a better person and everyone know recognition positive attitude person and everyone recommend you people . The people that they don't have not positive attitude everyone think that person don't have respect for others and thinks that person is reluctant, have ego and people slowly loathing, dislike you that person that have positive attitude everyone love, like that person.

I'm student at Generic_School and I learn everyday about positive attitude and how can we make a good relationship with other people that they all have positive attitude it easy to make wonderful relationship between them.

Positive attitude make a better person that person make there dream become true and likewise positive attitude person superpower to succsuss there dream positive attitude person effort to find the succsuss key in there life positive attitude endeavor to find a good way and use a brain to find a success and light future.

That we know the positive attitude is a success key in life. positive attitude is very very importance in life my request is from you if you want to be a better person, and to be success and brave follow this steps if you want to be everybody have good behave with you; you should be a good behave with them if that is your consent. if you have any dream don't go back follow next step maybe that work. my aspriration, dream to pass this sol...                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 