I agree on Prime Minister Churchilll quote that "success consist of failure,being successful" can be a different of what people might think and solving their problem to overcome any challenges that blocking their ways to being to improve and motivate them selves as a person.

Success is not just a dream is a dedication to be engage in everyday activity also success also a role for humans to think whats ahead and not lookig back to seek old habits.

Failure doesn't mean just to give up dreams and ideas but it gives the choice of pushing it to the limits and overcome any challenges,failure can also help to motivate any hopesand being prepared for any challenge thats around. its like how to motivate others to support and encourage them to help what their need is.

Despite having failure its not a end of the world situation but a test for confidence,skills and improvement or being a leader of some sort of ideas and real life. its like My self taking a test i was more likely to be more nervous but i was really confident that i would pass my class than thinking of failing it. some people want to be successful to persue the happiness and they dont the others to help get on track as their skills improves and its crucial for them to think futher down the road whats their future going to be and some people doesn't want to loose enthusiam its like loosing a video game and gave up easily and just throw the console to the trash and never play again for the rest.

but some people want challenges becase they can think hard and improve and know their weakness as they progress every level and they dont want to get beaten they want to stay on the top.

I agree on Prime Minister Churchilll success consist of failure,being successful" can be a different of what people might think and solving their problem to overcome any challenges. and improve and motivate them selves as a person. Success is not just a dream is a dedication to be engage in everyday activity also success also a role for humans to think whats ahead and not lookig back to seek old habits. 