I disagree with Emerson, because if you try to do something different of what you are doing you will grow.

But if you cap doing that same thing you will never grow. For example in your life you do different thing to know more about that world , you esperiment diferent thing to know thing that other people don't know to becme strong person and I thing doing different thing you will grow. For example when you are became father & mon you change you experiment thing that you never imagiane how that work. Like some people they still acting like kids I thing is because they talk we person they are not they age, they talk to young men like there age is 17 & 19 this you men they still dont know how to act like men, when there age is 40,

thas how you will never grow. Because a men change to a men is when they are 25 this is that age that you are change thing , and thas way people get old and they still act like kids.

Other people grow fast because I thing that wey how that family teache , like in all family they are not same they grow in difernt tipe. like some family star teach to there kids thing that they dont be doing , try to teache the better thing. For example when they are having diner all together in a restaurante some perent talk to there kids before they go in. they are having the food they need to be put off they table & phone ,to not talk when they have food in there mause at that time you star grow. in the fulture you be different that other people. like whent you goint to othere hause you will be better person for example your friend they you hey what are goint to do after school you like to have diner whit my family you know more beter thas how your perent teach when you are kids. Because when you are youn men and you still know how that work you will cap doing that wey how you learn Like other family they dont that ,when they are eat they use table &phone that wey you will never grow,you get to old person and you will cap doing that same thing that you be doing when you where a kids and i thing you main dont grow.