Graduating earlly should be a good idea because students are abkt to accomplish it early, students may have goals in life they want to achive and they might have other responsibilities to take care off. Some poeple said that graduating early is a good idea becasue students can relive some stress but some student say that is not a good idea because students may miss the best year of thier life. So thinking about it, should you graduate early or not.

First of graduating early is a goog idea because of the responsiblity a student have outside of school. Students may have work or some issue that are not school base things. For example my friend had a kid. She graduated early last year, now shes able to go to college or go to work force while taking care of her kid. Some student may have sport team outside the school that may help them to be professional player. For example soccer players can go professional without going to college. Beach Fc or anyone soccer club out there may help those players become a pro.

Seconly. Students may want to acoomplush it early as possible. Students may want to graduate early becasue thet want a time off school before going to college. Students may be sick of going to school because of how many lesure are there everyday. For example my friend graduate early last year because he wanted to get it done early. He wanted to step back for a bit before going to college. Going to school is stressfull enough for students, Exams, Sol, Text, ect. Students use this meated to have a years off school before going to college or going stright to work force,

Thirdly. Students may have goals in their life that they wanted to accomplish early after school. Students may have a sport team that are able to help they turn into a pro. or a gaming team to turn them a pro. students have a lot of goals in there life also. Graduating early may help them to get a head start so they wont be falling behind with people. I read a story once that a guy that graduted early. He became a proffetional soccer player on are 17 or 18. He is a incredible player, One of the best in the world.

If a student could graduate early; the students can accomplish things that they couldn't after highschool. if a student can graduate, they can focus on other responsinilities outside of school. If I can graduate early, I can accomplish my goals early than others. Graduating early can be a good idea. for example student may graduate early becuase of they're responsibilities outside of school, students may have goals in life that they want to accomplish first or a student just wanted a time off school. You have a chose. take it or leave it.