Former British Prime Minister Winston Churchill stated a quote that said, "success consists of going from failure to failure with out loss." There are 3 reasons why I agree with this statement. The first reason is, failing will want to make you push for a success, the second reason being that you'll have more of enthusiasm when you're find more ways to succesed, and the third reason is achiving for higher goals.

I agree strongly with this prompt and Winston Chruchill's quote, yet some people think it's something at may not be true and think less of them self. In the first paragraph I will explain my first reasoning with a strong example of it.

First, reasoning to this prompt would be, falling will want to make you push for success. Even though not many people think that is the way that many of our past inventors had learned. Albert Enstine was one of the smartest people out there, yet he had come face to face with failure many times in his life. The only way he learned was to try many other different ways to solve his problems. He used failure as an insperation to to keep trying like our first inventor of the light blub. Even though many people found it frusterated and diffivult when they've failed, which pushes on to my second reasoning.

Next, the reason would be that many people think different about them selfs when they fail in something. Thomas Edison thought different, even though he had failed 100 times, he had not gave up. When he finally successed, he said a quote that is in my mind till today in this presnet day. That quote was "I didn't fail 100 times, I found 100 ways that it didn't work." Even though, Thomas Edison had failed he maintaned him self with a lot of enthusiasm, Failure is never an option, but finding a solution to it is a success.

Finally, the last and final reason is achiving for high goals that you want to reach. It don't matter what others may think of it or if you'll be able to achive or not. Show them that they are wrong even if you come to a failure don't stop, find a solution and fix it to make it better than before. You'll reach higher goals with higher potential then what you'll ever imagine. Then later on you will be able to do anything you put your mind to and demonstrate your knowlage to the world.

In conclusion, doubting yourself is not how you achive your success. Finding a way to solve it is achive your success. Get the insperation from the people who had once been in your spot and they done to successed to there goal. Even if failure is a role in life to find success it's the only way youll reach it. Failure is only a motivation to get you to successed.