Are you done trying to reach your goal in life? Author Ralph Waldo Emerson is right. If you have accomplished somthing in life but you are not where you want to be then go for more. Keep trying to go beyond from what you have already masterd. It puts your self out their, and lets people know you want more then what you already have. You will defenetly grow if you keep trying. In the process of trying to master things in life it will be important for professionalism,money,and being successful.

Having professionalism in you takes a lot of work and time. For example, Cristiano Ronaldo is a profesional sorccer player, he was once a starter in soccer. Of coures it took time and hard work and lots of practice to get to where hes at.

Another example when i stared playing soccer i was 4 and it was really hard, it was hard to kick a ball or to keep up with the ball, but i went to the feild with my freinds every day and i wanted to be really good so i did not give up. I nocticed my self growing a lot and now i play for a really good soccer team and planning on going to a good soccer collage. However Jobs is something that takes time and hard work. If you work hard at a job and show people that you are good at it, it can get you a better jobs in the future.

Money dose not come to you for free you must do something for it for example, when i was 12 years old i was to young to get a job so i would go next door and ask if i can mow thier lawn or if they had any jods for me.

When you are trying to reach a goal in life and you are growing big time more money gets involved, which is a really good thing. If your boss sees you doing really good at your job your boss can give you a raise or make you be assistant manager because they notice that you are growing and that you want to master more. The more you grow the more better you'll get.

When you made it to where you want to be, you were seccessfull. you tried your hardest and did as much as you can to get to the top. To be seccessfull you need to study a lot try to listen and watch a lot. when you are growing you make mistakes which is fine it happends to a lot of people. You will learn from your mistakes and lessions. For example when i was 5 years old and i was at my soccer game i accidently scorded on my own team and it never ended up happening again cause i learned from my mistakes. Some may say if you don't go beyond from what you have accomplished, you will still grow. They are wrong because the more further you go to accomplish things will make you grow more and it wil help you reach more goals in anything.

Always try to do more then what you have already done. Dont let anyone stop you. You will not grow if you don't go beyond from where you are at. It's good to do anything it takes to master something in life. There are lots of ansers and help everywhere to grow.                                                      