Imagination is like thinking to do diet and go to gym to get slim. Knowledge is just like running on a treadmil for 2 hours in a weak to get your weight under 79.

I believe that Imagination is more Important than knowledge, because when the writer writes a book, first they Imagine the topic for their book. They don't start to write the book unless they Imagine the topic.

Same as, the writers Imagine what they want to write about, they don't just start to get Information about something, asking their parents what to write, how to write. They Imagine, then they start their work.

However, Imigination is also similar when you think with your sister to convince your mom to get you lots of candy. You don't ask your dad, how to convice mom to get candy. For example, the person who get the idea to Invent phone, frst he Imagine,

what does phone look like, how many buttons should be there, and then he also get help with his knowledge but first he Imagine what does phone look like, how will people buy this, why should they buy my phone.

Also If we use knowledge more than Imagination, the new generation will only use the cell phones to search for their homeworks. They will not Imagine to do homeworks or other things by theirself. They will just copy someone's idea, which is going to demolish their brains. There will be no more good inventions, The people's brain will stop working. Also, people will not do their work because they know they can just copy someone's idea.

For example, If I dont Imagine that when I will be 16, how I am going to get a job. What If I just go to Youtube and search for it, but I will not find anything and I will waste my Important time. Incase if I imagine what kind of job I want to do or where I want to do, I am pretty sure that It will not waste my time. Infact It will give me some ideas for future. In my opinion we should imagine more than using knowledge.

Imagination keeps your brain work and It also keeps you active. If we dont use imagination then how our new Inventors will Introduce their creative inventions. If the stylists doesnot use their imagination then how we are going to wear brautiful clothes. If they use just knowledge and don't use their imagination, I guess they will not get that much success in their buisness. Designers use their minds to help with their clothes design. They imagine the ideas for clothes, so the people will buy more and more clothes from them.

The people who use Imagination more than knowledge live longer. From now I will also use imagination as more as I can. So I will give an opinion to all of you who are reading this use your imagination than knowledge and get success in your work. I don't say that using knowledge is a waste of time, use your knowledge also but not all the time, also use your mind to imagine good, Intresting things.

In conclusion Imagination is more Important than knowledge. So, I will agree with scientist Albert Einstein. I will also force you to think about this. Writers, designers , Inventors all uses their Imagination more than knowledge. Now I will also try to focus on my Imagination more than focusing to copy other's information.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        