Only topic that is frequenthy is debate today is whether or not conserve energy and resouces since some business have adopted a four-day work week, with each day consisting of ten hours. Should your school follow this model by extending the school day two hours? Some peolpe think that not only extending the school day should conserve energy and resource. They feel that is the same thing and also too that is more time in the school in addiction that they will spent more money in energy like electricity, ligths , charge to computers ,blackboard electric and the more things, an resource that should spent more is the water because some students when go to the bathroom they forget closed the washstand. I believe that should follow this model by extending the school day two hours because should be take care about of how to conserve energy, resources and the last but not the least is we will have more time for make a the world better and take consience.

One reason i believe why that should follow this model by extending the school day two hours is because we can conserve more energy for the future, and also too the school should instruct to each student to be careful about the how to consume energy, for example to teach wich focus is the correct for the use in the home and gives tips for that maybe they to pay the least possible bill of light.

Another reason is that i feel that a resource that we can save in the school is the water because all students use almost two time the bathroom and always to take down the pull of the toile, i think the students can make posters in where show the importance about how to save the water and others resources that in the school can save is the plastic and paper because in some places purchase this resources, and with the money the school should to be a better school than others and the students should be more careful about this rescources.

The final reason is that i believe if the school add two hours at the day students and teachers should will have more time for to do more thigs, a thing that the teachers and students will can do is maybe a propaganda, in this propaganda they can show the society how prevent the clime global and to instruct how to be careful with of world, other thing that the students can do is a page online in where to instruct the other students and people out school how make herself have to be careful.

As you have read i think that the school should add two hours per day becuase all peolpe in the school can have more conscience for to save the energy and resource the last but not the leas the world. Only when we take consience for change the world. Will we have a better world on day.