I would agree with Emerson's in this world be yourself which is most important things . If we have confidence your own because we face with different kind of stutionan that we have to fight and difficult staff in life never give back keep working hard encourage find way that take of your stutional.

For example: If we start something new that took long time to resive that result we have to be patient for that greatest thing never get quickly every beginning took time for that accomplishment we are face diffcualte time like might field are might be win for first chance never lost our hope keep working hard.

don't depended to other people never improve in life because depended to other. In the world indefinite multitude or great quantity or distance make a difference a way. For all the world in every way ex acuity copies which look for all the world like the original. You should trying to become succeed in life to get of the way from problem find solution how to succeed in you're life.

First, trying as mach could doing make more successful this new world sometimes is life easy but, sometimes is not because life complicate and busy. If continue this way your life totally change working hard more successful and, more achievements. Should be put the goals what should I, do to accomplishment my goals for that you should keep trying to never stop your trying because noting impassable without trying. When start something for that need trying to resive achieve your pride. Those people are trying are working hard now the a have more power.

Then, greatest thing you have to skill which is more important that part of life also. Without skills never get achievement because everything bast on standing everyone the have special skills that make encourage and make them successful in the life. For example one person good in the reading some are the writing, some cooking, some are management, and some are making with hand ext... Those are part of skill everyone they had for that resance this greatest achievement this very important. Those people the don't a have those are more make terrible never couldn't solve the own problem the need the come to help them this is showing weakness a person. Some people thing the don't have skill this impossible but, never are used own skills the thing couldn't do it the always thinking negative they lost.

After, beyond every good thing the have achievement. When get our aschivemnt that made feeling proud your self encourage you doing good things that challenge of life the person make more successful.

I do agree with Emerson statement the encourage you working hard trying your life you would be get greatest achievement.