Thomas Jefferson wrote to never to be idle and he believes that is better to always be doing something, because if you do not try to do things you never will get a purpose in life, even though some says that inactivity also serve a purpose. Do things make you do better in life, also is better to have the mind busy in something, if you do things you can be someone in life.

Although Thomas Jefferson believes that is always better be doing something that doing nothing, because if you do not try to do things in life you will never get a purpose, actually Thomas Jefferson says that if inactivity also serve a purpose, in my opinion people do not like to do things because they do not want to be someone in life and they are lazy.

Although Thomas Jefferson believes that is always better be doing something that be doing nothing, because if you do not try to do something in life you will never get a purpose, people just like to be annoying with others, people try to do hard life for the others people.

Although Thomas Jefferson says if inactivity also serve a purpose in life, in my opinion, when you do not do anything you will never get a result of good things always we have to try to do some effort to be someone in life.

In addition, According to the prompt and "determine never to be a idle". I have never been idle in life, because i always do my responsibilities and i try to not be lazy, some times i also help other peoples cause we need to be good with others no matters how they are with us. I always like to do my own work because i want to be some one in the future that's why i like to do some effort in life. Everyone makes errors in life but, always we will try to fixed no matters how big they are, some day i want to my fathers be proud of my work in life. I never want to be a idle person.

In conclusion, is wonderful how we have done in life because life is so hard for everyone but, always we can do some effort to be proud of our self.

Although Thomas Jefferson believes that is always better be doing something that doing nothing, because if you do not try to do things in life you will never get a purpose, actually Thomas Jefferson says that if inactivity also serve a purpose, in my opinion people do not like to do things because they do not want to be someone in life and they are lazy.  