!!Ops Ops!!

Technology allow people to complete many goals without having contact with other , But has a limitation of technology, technology have a positive effects on people's lives.

First , technology make our life more easy by paying bills from their home. also help to started a care without going a college or people that can not walk. They can used the technology to order some food, to send money to other counties. From long time ago the technology, change a lot the way that we can talk with our family from a video or testing without had contact with the person also, somethings their is not enough money to travel so, we saved money.

Second , technology make people finish the goals in from a computer with out speed 8 hours, like the regular class. because some people want a better future but they did had the opportunity, like other to go School because they have to work, take care of her own family so, they stop there dream; they had to used the technology, to finish High School now a lot people are able to the technology, in the computer to given a class without go to school to graduate have a diplomat.

Finally, technology is so important in 2019 because every where you go everything have to do it with a computer because long time ago the used to send letters to communicated to others people now we have phone computers to call make an a appointment weather all people, now know how to used the technology ,because is so important everything we need we can find in the Internet finish also, everywhere you go there is technology example today people from 56 or they used there phone to call uber, taxi to go everywhere, a lot of apps to used.

In conclusion, technology there is not limitation because we all need technology here some reason why? Because in this year, 2019 we all need pay bills, shop without going to stores. because somethings some people dont had a car. They can not walk so, there will be always technology to used make our goals come true. Dont matter if we did get at the first, but there will be a second chance we called technology we can make it ; The Technology have everything in this word.            