The philosopher Albert Schweitzer thought the example is not important and is not the main thing to influencing others, it is the only thing. Now the society thing different around the world many persons like the parents thing they need to give a good example their sons. the teacher need to be good example from their students at the school. Famous people like their fans sometimes they are under 12 ages. if the persons did not given to the new generation good example they can not be influencing good things in them.

The parents they are the best example for their sons, and daughter at home. Because at home sometimes is the first school for our child that can has, there we learn speak, walk, and who clothing you. Example: if her father is a drunk, and smoker what is a example him given to his sons. That would by influencing in her sons and can destroy the future of them. This situation happen in many family and children start to have problem with the authority. And is the bad example that their parents given to them . And is no only the things the parents give to her sons nevertheless they need more then a example, more then things like expensive clothes. and shoe many of them they need a parents that care of them.

The teacher after the father they are so important to give a example of respect, how can be responsible with our homework they challenge us , with no matter the obstacle is front of us we can do it many of the teacher support you in the situation of the school but they teach us who can we do our work when be adults and they start to explain many thinks that you dont know example: if you do something wrong they help us to find a situation like i math and they do not say bad thinks when you do something wrong because they respect you but we like a students need to do it too. And with this attitude is like a teacher can influencing in a student with the respect.

Leader is person that is caretaker of a group of people it is in the school, in a church in many places we can find one. This one example of who can be influences of a movement like in the church that person need to be example of his people than the people follow him or she. Example: always a leader need to support the people no the people to him. Because the leader teach them how can be a good leader and him give example of that like a good person,good attitude, friendly. etc. And with his example this is the person can influence the other person without things and inspire more person that one day them teach another

In conclusion, to be a examples is the main thing to be a influence in the world and any areas. i desaggres because i think for influence to another persons. So your must be the best example you can because one they more then one person will fallow your steps. Like on my neighborhood or community helped who needed one day on person can do the same thing for anothers.           