People and students' have some amazing talents and skills. Talents are very impressing and challenging for an example,people that can juggle with oranges or bottles and people that can sing. Some talents can be very difficult at first and people can give up easily but when people practice and they try they do not give up. The skills and talents I enjoy the most is playing the violin,cooking,and makeup on my own time.

When people play the violin they say It is very difficult and it is very boring. Some adults that have played the violins and the chelos are very talented and their skills are by playing the violin Is just slowly moving the bow towards up and slowly moving it down. When I first played the violin It was not easy moving the bow fast towards the bridge of the violin and knowing the songs that some students' had to play by their self. When I had my first Pyrimid Concert In Elementary school I had a great time playing and learning how to play the violin.

Cooking is another talent that some people like to enjoy while they are home or they help their mom cook. Cooking can be fun and people can experience new kinds of food that they never tried. When I was little I always wanted to cook with my mom and she cooked all different kinds of food like Rice with Chicken,she made Pizza,and also baked Cookies and Inchiladas. They are resturants that have good flavor foods like when people go to the Buffet or to IHOP.When I cook with my mom or my sister I experience that cooking can be hard because people do not know what ingrediants they have to use or the taste is disgusting.

Makeup Is one of the funest. They are some teenage girls that love to do their own makeup or they just do it for fun. A lot of teenage girls start learning how to do makeup by watching on the internet step by step. Teenage girls have really good talents in fashion and using good color shade on thier eye lid. Talents In makeup are fun when people have their own time with their firends when they come over. Some girls feel more comfortable by using makeup and some girls do not. Makeup can be enjoyable and fun to experience.

They are some difficult talents and skills that people give up on. When people experience or find something they like they would like to try it. Cooking Is like a talent where people like to enjoy cooking like the cheifs they make really good food. Makeup is fun to do and it is really amazing when people are a makeup artist and really good at fashion. Playing the violin Is hard at first but when people practice and they want to be talented It gets easy.    