The influening somepeople ued or beliefe that are for make a money or make more friends for have good relationship with people are rich and have many service with other country are so much rich,benfic,and other things,That he can do for you job or family has the life resolve and don't need said othre people help for have good life.

Influence sometime is when you have friends,the friends say do this not happen or make bad decision like rob,kinll other people. The friends you want or interest is because is the "THE MOST POPULAR" in the school or where you live. If you don't want this in you life you ask why are do this?,this I want in my life?.You need thing very caution for not make things in one day;Some people are in the jail beacuse they are do thebfriends said and now this people are in the jail.

I think the influencing use for many reason in this life,you can use for:make a money,friend,do good thing not bad things with other people do. The friend never are you friend beacuse if you have god said don't doing this beacuse you problem with the police,in the school or maybe with you parent's. When somepeople said this is not you friends is because there are not you correct friends ,the friends are doing god think for with have problem or go to the jail. When you need something the real friends are for you.

The influecing is the what in you life you want influce other people with god things for this people do the same you donig with the same people. The best way to influence is donig god things other people beliefe in you,never thing if I donig bad things I'm the influence,I'm the most popular in the school or village. Only you do if doing bad things is go to the jail or make many poblem with the people are closed with you,you need make are god decision in you life because if you don't donig has so many problem in you life.

Influence is not better with other people,you influence is whre you donig with you friends or new people you nevre see,if you want god person you need or change you influence because if you donig bad things the person never want you friends because they not want problem or go the jail for make a rob there not want.

Some peope beliefe thay you do bad decision or make something very bad you not are god person. Other people said if you belief in this is beacsue you never thing you can do god person in the life.

You don't change if you not want but rember if you want the other people beliefe in you and with you influence you need change you influnce.

The influencing is the best or the influence is the better is the same for me because if you tryng do god person and change you influnce you can do.

The bes influence is make god things for other people need help or do something specializ for you friebd or family.

The better influencing is you change becuaes some people said or you familiy same need you change you influence beacuses the influence one day you used for you dream job or when you go many office for job,some offrice said you have god influence with other people work idifferent country.

If you not have or has problem you never have god influence in job.

You need god influence in the futere maybe you used for make money or relationship with others people are in you social class.

Also,you need god influence in this life,you never thing when you used the influce,donig good thing but never take bad decision in the life.

And the end;If you have god influence with other people never take or make bad thing that you go to the jaiil. 