Dear principal,

I have heard of the school cafeteria's plan to change to a new healthier school lunch. And as a junior in this school,I take the position that this new dynamic idea to change the school's lunch menu is a bad idea. So I have decided to share my thoughts for the development of this school and with our health. I believe that keeping our school's lunch menu is a good idea. I know that my opponents would argue with me regardlessly,because they would probably assume that our students have been eating the same food for too long and would definetely want to have a different versions of food,and get to explore their school lunch like other schools usually do. But when they detect my reasons,they would know for sure that the school's lunch is way better than they think it is.

My initial reason for not agreeing to this change is that it would eradicate some student's favorite cafeteria foods, especially me,There are a lots of food currently in the cafeteria that are so good, clean and healthy.

they are also enough food for everyone to eat, so changing the menu wouldn't be necessary, it would be a waste of time and money. the school has got a bunch of stuff to focuse on. American's have this quote that " if you have lemons make lemonades" meaning we should make the best out of what we have by embracing it not changing it.

In additon, the current school's lunch menu is technically healthy, I have this extraordinary thoughts in my mind because I haven't seen any student that has protested against the school's lunch, this means that the current school lunch is unique on it's own way. Also the school lunch is potentially some of the amazing healthy American foods.

Again,Most American foods are junky and cause students to gain weight chronically and gradually. But our current food consists of fruits,vegetables and also green salad which prevents the body from gaining too much weight and sustain the normal body weight. I have been eating our school's green salad for a while and l have seen some fantastic changes in my body and it is very impressive. So principal, dont you think that changing our school's cafeteria's lunch menu is a bad idea?

For instance, our school cafeteria's lunch has got protein,Vitamin D and my weight is intact, as far as our health is concerned, so take all of these reasons into consideration and figure out your final answer,I hope that you make the right choice for the school and l know that the school's improvement is your priority.

Thank you respectively,

Generic_Name 11th grade( junior)                                                                                                                   