One activity i consider really enjoyable are science experiments . One of the reasons i consider these activities fun is because they are different from other types of projects . And what i mean by this is that for example when one does a math project or a language arts project is nothing more then doing many math exercises or writing an essay . Unlike the science projects for example one time i got to see a frog's interior . And it might sound desgusting to many of the people reading this and to be honest it did'nt smell good either . But one of the things that facinated me from the project it was that frogs dont have as many organs as we human's do . Or maybe they removed some of them but there wasn't a lot of organs in there

And another thing i was curious about was that they were different colors . i remember seeing blue and pink unlike us humans almost all of our insides are red . Frogs actually got different colors in their interior but they looked a little dry because my teacher told me that they have been frozen for some time . But it defenently made it easier to cut parts in the interior of the frog . And also sense my teacher told me that we were able to cut whatever we wanted me and my group tried to explore as much as possible . But there was a part that was really desgusting which was that there was some flies in the frog's stomach . And that part definently disgusted me but it didn't made me want to stop either.

After we finished trying to see everything inside the frog the teacher told us the name and function of each of the parts of the frog . But one of my friend decided it was silly to poke the frog's eye . And until this point i still dont know what went trough his mind in that exact moment . But wen he poke it , it resulted that the frog's eye was'nt completly frozen so liquid from the eye just came rushing out and he got wet because he decided to do that . Fortunently it did'nt reach me but it defenently reach my mate . After that the teacher send him to the bathroom to wash himself .

After that happened my teacher decided that it was best to just stop the project after that . But it was defenently a lot of fun .

Another example of a project was recently when my tacher decided to have us do a project in the dark because is themed to what we are learning about right now . Which is the unit of light and the project was really simple and to be honest it wasn't as amazing and funny as the other project . But it was to spray a liquid in front a flashlight . And what was supposed to happen was that i would be able to see the waves which light travels on . And after the teacher explained the process of how this happens she told us to spray the liquid in front of the flashlight and being honest i didn't see anything i was kind of dissapointed . But after four seconds i could see them and they were kind off hard to see and it was for some few seconds but i actually enjoyed the project . But it had some downs like it was really short and the teacher took forever to explain the process . But i still think it was a really interesting project .

And what i tried to show by showing you this examples from my own personal experiences is that . Science experiments are not always boring and you may not like them but you should give them a chance . And i promise you that you are going to like them or at least one of the many projects there is . Because they make class a little more interesting . And in my opinion projects or experiments are the best activities there is in the school . Beacause they teach you in a more directs type of learning . And that's why i think they are the best . 