Thomas Jefferson wrote about to determine never be idle that means, we need to do soemthing to be woderful how much we done if we are going to do something to look what they need to be we need to purpose to do the things never give up we need to continue doing this; We need to serve the country, we need to organized people they or we nerve going to be a idle

. I am aggre not be a idle because we need support, we need to help which others like some poeple do that we support and purpose to help. It wonderful how much we done if we never give up and to be prepared we nerve don't know what is going to happen? in seconds, minutes, hours, you feel wonderful went you are doing soemthing to me a able to help people how do you know to look wonderful thwe things we are doing never stop continue ding the great and wonderful this your doing to succeed is doing something really diffucult and you can do this you can never give up you can continue doing this hards difficult you are a person can do things really hard you need to purpose to do this never give up.

I am desaggre in other part because some people don't want to continue and this doing this you are not able to stop for a little problem and not continue sometimes we need to choose the responsabllities we have.

For example you have a problems or difficult things you need to tried to continue to be a responsable person don't give up you porpose continue doing the great things organized your ideas and plans you have to finish the difficult things Thomas Jefferson wants to continue do we need to accomplish more if we are always doing something never stop and not doing something people said i dont know how can do this you need to some part of you to do this you need to support other persons to start doing things ,like you needed went you start doing something .

You nerve be abel to dertermine the idle we haveed support we are wonderful doing this we cae up we nerve give up we have opcions opportunities to do something to be that person. Thomas Jefferson said we are wonderfull we are doing always great things we can accomplish are ideas to whetever things we want to do we organized thigs we do difficult things we can finished great things and continue doing hards things and wonderfull things how you tivicontinue doing the problems we are great organized countries activities and nerve let your opportunities go,you need to determine never to be idle . I think Thomas Jefferson said this things because some people is not doing anythings for they self just waiting what is going to happens and what can do went something happen we need to start doding somethiing we don't know what is going to happens in a second, minutes and hours we need to be able to do something to wake up for do some things we are not doing we need to think for the us for everyone not just me we can help to determine to be not a idle soemthing we can do. I think we not doing nothing because is not my problem is their problen we don't thing we can help what we can do for help for soemthing needs we are a wonderfull people why we can not help or we want to be a accomplish people not doing anything to help how needed us help we can organized a campain of people and do new things we can not be a inactivity person we have great things to do we also can serve a organization of people tehy need help. I am able not be a person not do anything for people we can change the world which the thins we are doing we organized things we finished everything they put to we are can do this and never gives up we can choose do something or nothing we haved opcions we haved everything what you want to do. I am determine i am never give up i am goint to do something we can do this.