Have you asked to your-self what might people think about you or what impressions they have about you? That's a hard question to answer, but I guess everybody does it. First impressions not always are positive for our-selfs, it can make you doubt about your-self, look for people's approval, and get a low-esteem. First impression not always come into your life with good intentions.

As first point, first impressions make you overthink what to do and what to say, making you doubt about your-self, and loosing your confidence. Nobody should wonder what others think about them, because each person have their own life and their own problems.

In high schools, mostly the 90% of students look for the approval of their friends. Teenagers are the most affected. Essentially, this teenageers do not have their own life.

In facts, first impressions affect all people but mostly the teenagers. They get a low-esteem, all because the system in what now we life, first impressions.

I remember my first year of high school, I was afraid like a little chicken as we said in my country with no idea what to do or what to say, wonderig what they were thniking about me. There were a few days that I din't want to go to the school because I could felt tha the other students had bad impressions about me.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           