Once someone told me," Focus on your goals, and keep focusing until you reach them, it does not matter if it takes long, at the end of the day it will worth it ". I think it is a good idea if you identify the carrer that you want to take and start getting into it at a young age, because you will have more time to know and study about it and how it works, and it is gonna be more easy. It could be difficult if at the end of the day you are about to gratuate and you do not even know what career do you wanna take.

One of the reasons why you have to decide what career you wanna take by the time you enter high school is that, you will focus in all your classes, but more in those classes that are related with your career, and you progress in school is gonna increase, and also your grades. You will be busy in a productive way doing things that will benefit you in school, because if you really wanna reach your goals you will not have chance to waste your time,

which is a good thing, instead doing nothing, bad thing, or only in video games. As how we are today, many teens are leaving school because maybe they think they found a better thing to do or because they took a bad decition.

But for those who really wanna be someone in the future and go for it, will have more opportunities, like Univercities credits and in their future job by dedicating their interest in school and doing their best.

Another reason is that your knowledge is gonna increrase, which is also a good thing, because you will learn a little bit about everything. In any career, you have to know about everything, even if it is a little bit, but you will learn new interesting things every days, things that you did not know before, and your interest in those things will drive you to search more about it and make you feel that you wanna know more and more about anything you are learning. All those are benefits that you can get by dedicating your interest in school.

In conclution, I think all students should have an idea of what career they wanna take, by the time they enter high school , so their courses of study in high school can help them when they are ready to go to the University, to not be difficult learn about it.