Ibelive tha use the cell phones in the class room for educational purposes is a fantastic idea, because student will save a lot of time finding imformation or doing others works. Teachera will not worry to collect books or magazines that normaly stuednt use to fine imformation. Student by using their phone, the work is going to be more easy because phone are more practical to use.

The idea to use phones in class is a good idea because will not only helpe students it will helpe teacher too. Student by usin their pohe they will save a lot of time, because sametimes student have to fine imfromation for a project and project need a lot of imfromation. Fine imformation in books, magazies is harde worke and studen they do that. With the phone student can fine the imformation more faster then normal and they have more time to do others work.

Teacher will not have to worry to collect all the material that stuend use to do their work. For example, in some classes they have to fine a lot imformation classes like Goverment, Biology and World history one and two. Student to fine this imformation they use books and magazines and when bell ring the stuen live the material they were using and the teacher have to collect all the thinks that they were using, but by usin phone they will not left all that mess teacher would not worry to clean the mess.

Studen will compleate all their work because if they have a project that need to finde imfromation they will do it faster in their phone. Phone are more practicle to use and more easy them books or magazine that student normaly use. The big reasen that student give that why they don't finish their work is that they dont have sufficient time because fine imformation in books is hard.

In conclusion phone will be a fantasctic i dea beacause will not only help stuenden it will help teachers too. The work will be more easy for student they wiil finish their works on time and teachers will not worry to cleand the mess the tuden do when they use books or magazine. They not going to have a escuse that why they don't finish their because with phone is going to be easy.    