To beagin with people like to go out for vication or spend time for fun so theire is a best way to spend your time just go to the list bellow for example, Enjoyable way to spend time outdoors is by going to commanity parks, state parkes, and national parks etc. in fact the earth is best for humantiy to spend time on useing nature if we keep is safe! spending our time in theos things make us know the world well. the more we spend our time on it the better access will know!!

Next c ommanity parks:

is all people together in the commanity or in the enviroment spend time together. In addition in the commanity parks their are many fun thnigs to do like, play games sach as soccer, eat food togehter, taik to your frinds or fameliy while enjoying the frsh air. Another thing people like in the commanity park is that it's less quiter than state park and national park also because their are less people. Now commanity park are going to be the best. The fact that it has less people and being quiter than any of those parks!!

Thired state park:

in the state park it's more qiuter than national park, less people comnceting and give each other ideas to do a project envolving any subject. Sports like runing, work out, soccer, basketball etc. Also state park are the best to planned idias to solve any proplem for the commanity. Interest is devoloping in state park for adults cause it is more advnes for them to do their beness. Spending more time in state park will make wounder to change the way it is!!

Also national park is people in the world where they have fun and chiile in theire specific it's more likely normal vication which more people likes to speed their times on. For students to speend summer vication it's a good spoit for them I recomended it will be nice with fameliy together. Spending your time on national park will make know things you didn't know before. In addition most people spend their time on national park cause it's more accesbel to do anythink specific to gether information

In conclusion all this are same but they have diffirent fun things to do also they have the amount of people in the park spending time with diffirent people. I will recomed this for all people to do it, beacuse it's more enjoybel. So speend your time by going to thoes place, but "authorized" first choees which one best for you!!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   