In a centair time, many of us think about the benefits of working with a group or working alone. We the students treat the must that we can do to us califications. Exist a controversy,

that is how more we ca have concentration during the assigments in class.

I think these thow ways of work , can get a good results. Because working with a group or with ourselves , oneself have the responsability to concentrain and do our work. It is only put us effort to aprove classe.

When we working with a group during in class, this are help for us in class to convert more fun. We can share our ideas to do more faster the assignments. Also help to ourselves when one of the group don't usterstand about the topic. Even if the assignment are complete ,

the rest of the time the members maybe can talk to each other.

But this happen also when the students have a good communication and they are friendly. However sometimes can be difficult even the sudents don't try to study with the group or only due the part of oneself.

Sometimes is better working with agroup , because when working by oneself taht can be a little frustrate.

Students can have support with a group , but when a student working alone is difficult research information without a opion of another person. Working with a group students can be more fiendly with anothers students of differents countries and they can be more caring.

Students can show their abilities and be more prepare when they get a job. Also students learn more of the members . In totality this is a argument to the students that they can't work alone , but they have the opcion to work with a group to prepare.

In conclusion , I agree that is more better to work with a group in class than alone . It is a benefits to discover new people, hear more ideas,

and be fliendly. I think is more helpful to students do the assigments in class. Work alone can be difficult , but sometimes these help oneself to be indepent . It is more great have a goup with members that gonna help. It is only concentration in a group or not , beacsuse oneself need to be more improve everyday and pass classes. Work with effort , the students always need help in study in class is a benefit when students see all persons equal to working.     