The type of work I would like to have is a stalyst professional and paint landscapes.

Stalyst professional is a really good job you get a lot of money only doing hairstyles.

Painting landscapes is a really good job too because you are doing what you want doing a really good art and a lot of people like how it looks like they pay a lot of money for the landscapes if you do a really good job.

I chose stalyst professional because is interesting to do, you learn a lot about girls hairstyles and boys hairstyles I think is a really good job because a lot of people likes to do hairstyles and people likes to do haicuts because there is a lot of different things for example new hair color or a new hairstylt and stalyst is a really good job because you get a lot of money and you can do whatever you want with your own money but working hard.

I think the workplace will be in a place that there is a lot of people, because when is people they are interesting to have new haistyles for example if someone goes to have a new hairstyle and is really cool people are going to wish have the same hairstyle or a different hairstyle.

People are going to be really happy to have a new hairstyle because some people are bored to have the same haircut and if is a place with a lot of people they are going to love that place.

I chose doing landscapes because is interesting for a lot of people, because if you do a really good lanscapes people are going to love it and they are going to be interest to have one.

landscapes are so beutiful because you see how the paints are combinated houw the color are mixted and you see a really cool landscape. The work for the landscapes with acrilic paint it looks really nice because it looks realistic, and that's interesting for people that like to have landscapes.

I think the workplace for landscapes is like where is a lor of people that like to see landscapes and buy them because landscapes are so pretty. I chose to do landscapes because I like to paint

I like to see the color and how they are mixted that's so cool. I li9ke to paint landscapes because I

feel relax and am not thinking nothing I forget about everything and I reflect how I feel doing landscapes

I also like to paint landscapes because I love acrilic paints and how they mix and how they work.