I agree with this statement because its hard to change your first impression. If you meet someone and you do something weird theyre gonna remember you as that one weird kid. it can be bad when someone have a bad impression of you when your trying to be their friend. Sometime you can change people impression of you if they get to know to know you.

if your first impression isnt good it can messed up they stuff you do in life like a job interview if you dont a good impression you may not get the job. If you move to new place and your going to a new school, your going to need to have a good impression to make new friends because if your new and a lot of people dont know you and if you do something weird or dumb everyone at your new school is gonna have a bad impression of you and that may cost you to make new friends and sometimes someone may bully you for being weird. Some kids at school have bad impression and people talk about them behind their back and their made fun of them for being weird. Like if your in a sport team and your that one kid who always bragging about how good they are, people around you wont want to be around you if they know your always bragging and they will spread rumors about you and people will stop talking to you if they know you like talking about yourself and people wont want to be your friend. If you wanna ask out the girl you like and she heard you did something to a another girl, shes going to have a bad impression of you and she wont even want to talk you and your tried to ask her out shes gonna reject you.

First impressions are sometimes always hard to change if you dont try change it with the people you had a bad impressions with. Sometime they people you had a bad impression of are usually the people you want to be chill with. In life its best to have a good impression because it can help you through life with people you met before. Good impression have a lot of good benefits with your social life. So the next time when you meet someone new its good to have a good impression.