Has the limitation of human contact due to the use of technology had positive or negative effects on people's lives? Yes, people using technology on everyday bases can have negative effects on thier lives. For example, looking into your screen for long period of time can have negative effects on your eyes. Being on your phone everyday limits your time of socialing and having regular converstion with other people. technology can make you develop an ediction with your phone, video game, and computer making you unawere with what's happeing around the world. eventhoght technology has negative effects on you, sometimes technology can have positive effects on you and your everyday life.

For example, technology can help you keep and complite taskes in your everyday life. using your phone can alow you to do things like: order clothes, buy eddibles, talk with family and friends all over the world, watch movies, listin to music, playing games, remembering birhdays, and things you have to do in your long term plan. Getting things done just by your phone can make your life easier and stress free. In some cases technology is used more then to just watch movies and remebering birthdays, its used to save lifes and make new inventions.

For instance, older people with health problems use technology everyday, they depend on technology to safe thier lives. The technology that they have can alert and get the help the person needs without the person having to call or touch anything. people around the worls are using technology to help and make cure for people with health issues. some are using technology to make new inventions such as, self driving cars to make the world a better and safe place.

For students technology is very helpful they can use it in school to take tests, quizes, and classwork. They can use it at home to do homework and study. use it to reserch and watch visualy watch videos to help them understand things they don't know. help them communicate with teachers and other helpful resorces online. For home schooled students technology is very helpful, beacuse some student are able to learn and understand better if they got lessons online than in a classroom.

Moreover, technology is a very helpful thing it might have negative effects on you and your life if you use it in the wrong way but its very helpful in some cases, and people actually need technology to learn and live. Therefore, technology can benifit people in thier everyday life. technology isnt bad or have negative effects on you its the way you use technology.