People can make their own decisions because they can do anything they like, something they aready goal on for a long time. Nobody like to do something that they don't want it, they have their own chose of life decisions on what they want to be or what they want to do.

However, some of the decisions they may have are hard way or easy way, the hard way is they have to try hard in life: study so you can have a good grade and work hard, the easy way is they have to put stuff or money on the first start of they future decisions, is a short way but is really hard and not all people can make that decisions depend on if they want it or not. Also depend on where they at in life for a example: people have alot of money the way they want their decisions on future is more short because they don't worry about other thing tact or payment and people are not have alot of money the way they start their future decisions are more longer because they have to worry about alot of money tact, payment, pay for their car,... also they have a to work more extra hard for they decisions. I meet a friend, he was go to school and work in the same time he was about to out of high school and go to collenge but he maked a bad decision on his life, he about to out of high school but he stop and he said to me that "go to work are making more money than go to school" so he stop school, his job now is doing nail that job do sometime do alot of money and sometime don't and he don't want to try more hard, he can go to collnge and later on got a good job make more money than Nail but lose that chance and it change his live forever now he can't take it back. And my brother was the same thing, he was go to collenge for 2 year and than he don't want to be in collenge more so desige to work, if he continue on collenge maybe he got a better job. So sometime people have to think of what about to happen in their future and desige what they gonna be in future lean on what they have and about to have. People can make their own decision but sometime they need help so other can support their life decisions. However alot of people don't know what they gonna do in a future, they don't know what they like or interesting job to do on future so they are stuck, they need help to chose their stuff that may interesting them later on in life.

The chose they have and everything that happen around them to make their own future decisions, and all of the support from people around or family can make it more better decisions on their own life. They have to desige their own life, work hard so they can have a good life on future and do anything they want. If people work hard enough so later on their children can more easy to make their decisions about their own life. 