should students be required to take a music class, a drama, or an art class. Some will agree and some wont. Every student has diffents talents, or are intrested in diffrent activities and subjects. Why cant students have the advantage of chosing class that fit to there prefrance. Studnets should be able to take a class that is intresting to them that does'nt have to do wwith music, drama, or art. Some students would like to take class for the opportunity of graduate earily. Others would like to take classes that are based on future careers that are intreging to them.

Having to take a class that is based on art or drama and not being good or intrested in it must be a little fustrating to a studnet. Studnets most likely will lose focuse or wonder off in class if not intrested. Sometimes might even oviod the class. As a studnet myself i amdit that losing focuse in class when not being intrested came very easy to me. Not only does it cause the sttudent fustraction but it also causes the teacher fustration to see a student not pertesapating in class.

School is a piec of pie for some students and having to take classes that are an easy A seems to be a wast of time for some studnets that would like to get high school over with and jump right into college. Some high school provide studnets free college credit classes that benifits fanatuly wise and skill wise. Having more then enough credits helps the student one graduate early and two have credits even before starting college. Taking advance classes or college credit classes looks really good on college resmates.

What if the students would have the advantge of having a glance of the career that they are intrested during high school. Not ever studnets know the career or path that they would like to take during high school, but some stduents do know. Also why not giving those students that are confused or lost about what career they would like to mager in college an opprtunity to expermant classes during high scchool. For example in my high school there is a program called career center where high schoolers are able to take classes that are based on intrest that they have some examples; cooking classes, amimal science, tec, child care and ect. Imagin if every student had the opprtunity to expermint careers early.

Every studnet has diffrent skills and intrest. why cant the school system benfit every student and give the opprtunity to make a students distuction a lot more easir when it comes to what intrest the student and choosing what colleges to attend to. Not every studnent is the same why treat them the same way. 