should our school follow this model after consitering the benefits and disadvantagesto a four day a school week will be not be not because,we will not expend time time with family. We will have a lot homework. It's a long day. children needs to be time. family waiting for children. students have three days a week free and some students start work some not. Students will be focuses to learn a long time i agree but, students had to dangers. I don't think students learn will be just school for good life. Some businesses have adopted a four-day work week, with each day consisting of ten hours. And businesses doesn't have students have a lot homework. Students won't because students some under 18 some over 18. Because students will be hungry, and they can't wait lunch time.

First, We will not expend time with family because, we will have long class and we will stay whole day at school. we will boring and tied we will focus to learn. and children will be free after class so,children going to out side with friend and they play game any area any time they will be happen. If we say you can't go with your friends students start cry and i can't say any think because,students already learn long time.

Second, "We will have a lot homework'' because, they will be have extra class and subject. They give more homework when they finish class they will come back home but,they are not free they have homework they didn't eat anything they can't talk anybody. they have mind foresters. It's a long day because, students cant,t be stay long time one place. students life will be not eager it's difficult,strenuous. they always thinking about enjoy a day and they will to go to new place and some think learn new subject. some students doesn't boring because they can used phone if they are free they pay song they are looking movies,they were talk to friends and if have lunch time they will go to to side and enjoy to lunch but,not every body.

Third, family waiting for children because,some children not above the 18. who not be above the 18 there needs to be parents when they are going to the school bus and come back to home. there parents can go to work because,class to be long but, they will come back to work when children come back home. Some time precepale call to mom and dad emergency they can't go to schools because, there parents think about children come to late so,they are will go to out side and fair way. Some students have work some not if they are working it's to be good because,they got money and experience how to work who to talk to costumer and help each their, make new friend,talk to different languages. Some students working they get money,they does't want to go to class because,they have extra money when students want they gone find anything they have a lot of money. If students left work students have money and student thinking about school then better then money. Students not interest for learn.

Last,Students will be accuse to learn a long time i agree but, students will be danger because, students have a lot of treble and they have mind they will learn many thing. they cachap imidetly but,every think same time and they talking just English if they want to learn another languages but,they do't have info time. So, if students long time at school they will be boring and they feel uncomfortable. i know some students want learn very excite. Now at schools has a subject in school a computer is there. computer has electrical energy. all students used computer and phone they did't know about computer,phones are dangers,but all students used because every thing election system. computers,phone helps a lot there have everything. ex: cell Facebook, map,dictionaries, calculated, document every think in there. So, all students use phone but ,they lose eyes, mind. i know a cell phone helps communication goes on but, it's dangers.

Finely,I don't think students learn is just school for good life because, at school for teacher give some idea how to learn .students know about what hempen out side because students all the time at school. If students have more time students learn friends,and mom,dad sister,brother there get some knowledge. businesses have adopted a four -day work week and students for day a week and students have four- day week it's different students students have dungarees and students have a lot homework students learn some thin but business have they know already know that.                                                                                                            