Of course that i'm agree with Churchill's statement, because for to have success or to be successful in the life you need to have many failures. No one is perfect and you don't need to be it for be successful. This quote reminds me when my grandfather used to tell me " Son, if you wanna be someone important on the life your gonna have ups and downs, don't matter how many failures your gonna have, but however, in spite of everything your gonna achieve your goals and dreams without matter what other people says about you, the most important is not loss the enthusiasm".

I think that if you do your best on everything and you try to do it better always your gonna achieve your goals. You don't need to do it perfect all the time, because despite everything you always gonna have a failure but that doesn't mean that your gonna stop try to do your best or your gonna loss all your enthusiasm, it's mean that despite of each failure your gonna follow your goal. No matter how many times you need to do it, just try it!!!.

The failure plays a important role for be successful, everybody has ups and downs, for example:

In the school, if you have a test and you were studying for that test but you fail, don't stop just try it again and try do it better the next time.

For a job, if you are searching a new job and you completed many applications for any job but no one is requesting you for a interview, or unfortunately, you not were accepted on that job, don't matter, you will find another job, just don't loss the enthusiasm.

In a relationship, if you like a girl or boy and you declare your love at her/him but you not were accepted for her/him or what's more worse she/he doesn't like you, don't be sad you will find the right one for you.

In a career, if you wanna have a important job like lawyer but you have a failure in the progress, don't loss your enthusiasm you can try with another profession like nurse or another that you like it.

In the life, i say in the life because i have a stepfather that he always says that he is right all the time when it's not true but he never want to accept that he are wrong and that't a problem, because if you never listen at the other people that are right then your gonna have a failure in the future, for the same reason that you thought that you were right when you doesn't.

Be successful in the life is not something easy at the contrary it's hard because in the progress you always gonna have many failures, but however, nothing is impossible in the life with enthusiasm and to much effort you gonna achieve many big things, always fight for your dreams and goals. Remember nobody is perfect on this life and you are strong and intelligent don't matter how many troubles or failures you have just try to do your best and fight for everything that you want.

In conclusion to have failures is not bad at the contrary is very good for you because you learn more about how to do it better the next time. My mom always say: " Each failure it's make you more strong and more intelligent ", and the truth that's true, you never gonna learn about your error if you don't have a lesson for to learn but everything without loss of enthusiasm.