I belived that what you yourself choose to make it because alot people have different choices in the life some people have different influence of what they belived on there own choices and ability for example like life style and what they enjoye doing to do also what they belived and whats right or wrong, who they hangout with.

I learned it in different sitution from expericing with my friends like some they change there belives and some have different life style of living some parents disaprove of them the way of living and some are disapointing what they choose to do in life. I have a friend that there parents are religious they dont agree with his life style but still respects his chocies in life. I used to haning out with my friend in house where im met his parents they told me there stories about how education was so important to them how they got more jobs from it but the otherside of there family like his uncle didnt graduted from collage but still came sucessful. I have other example told my parents my sister like going to school and told them i didnt have a interest in going to school i sometimes thought about not going to collage.

Also I belived what you youself to choose to make it because alot people have different choices in life and history some depening places where you live of come from for example like in eastern Europea Bosina and Hergionvian some people are Catholic,Orthdox and some are Muslim they grew up having life style of living and also in the U.S some people dont use modern stuff and us old fasion for example the Amish and also speak Germen differnt dialect and english.

I belived people have the right to choose they way want to live or do with there choices they make and become sucessful. I think people have different mind set of life finding out who they are whats there goal in life.

I belived there different goal and ability of doing it and the passion.

I belived alot people can anyting in life that is someting postive bring joy and get alot of sucess and get noticed.

also for the people that do negitive things i belived they should get a second chance to do it no one is perfect i think failure is the mother of succes people should have a postive mind what there going to do.