Some schools offer programs for students graduate in three years? students needs to go school for learn and be success in life in high school normally is four years but some schools give to students some programs for to graduate in three years. a lot people think four years on school is good because in that years you can take to much classes. I disagree with this statement all students need four years in high school for know what to do in the future and they do not have any problem in college

Students graduate in three years is not good because in four years you can learn more about that career you prefer to be in the future, you can take more opportunities for to be successful people think that is good because you can graduate one year early but some times is much better continues in high school for prepare yourself. in four years you take more classes and learning about it. For example student wants to graduate and wants to be a mechanic he needs to keep going in high school for four years he learn about that career he wants and another subjects.

Some people they do not like the idea for to graduate early because they do not think that is prepare for to go to college. College is a serious thing so all people need to prepare for to go there ,when you go to the college you have a idea that difficult be for you but not impossible . you need to pass all your classes in college but for that you need to study and try your best in high school that is the way for a good student .

Some people prefer graduate one year early , they has reasons, they wants to finish the career for to help the family or some people just finish the high school and go to work. is probably is the bigger reason why some people choose that opinion. for me both reason is good because you need to stay in school for to be successful and understand why some persons wants to graduate early they wants to help his/her family so both options that is very good.

Four years in high school is the bets option can you choose because you learn more, study more, and prepare more , for me that is the good way for to successful in life. Probably be more hard but you can do it, you need to try the best do yo have for in the future you will be a good person with a good job and can help your family. when help your family you are a good person and recognize that job was your parents did for you so keep going and do it a 4 years in high school this is good for success in life .