Yes you should learn wisdom and experience to understand.

To learn people what thier life about. people could have a hard time about thier life. understand thier race. Know people religen and culture. people could be specal. The people will learn about deaf people. people can unferstand about the life kinda. people can be specal like thier brain and their body. Sometimes people have bad things in thier brain. You can understaed about them. Some kids use differet lageged. Some people don't know engesh. people can use thier hands to talk. People can be shy , chill , crazey or mean. You really need to know about feeling. Sometimes people don't know what's going on.

My big brother name Generic_Name share a lot about his wisdom. He told me that he is getting stronger. I told him how and how do you know. He told me that there has a job that you really need to carry heving stuff. That he knows that. I learn eveything what he said. My borther was kinda crazey when he said that. Sometimes my big brother is not chill. 5 mouths ago my big brother was so mean to me for no reason. I told him why what wroug with you. He told me why and I understand him. Today my bif brother is now chill I think because I don't really see him that much. My big brother is always busy and I wanted to help him. How do I help him. I clean the room many times. I do the socks and clean the dirty clothes and get the room ready for him , so he can relax. My famliy is really happy what I did for my big bother. They say why did you do that. I told them because Generic_Name worked really hard he is never home. He plays soccer , goes to work and goes to clases to get ready for collage that is a big thing for him.

My big brother tells me some things to keep me heathy and lose some whight. he said that happend to me. He share a lot of things to me. He said you got this I belive in you. I thought my big brother don't care about me because he always mean to me and I see why, he do care about me and I can see that. you will understand about thier wisdom and experience. if you learn about wisdom and experience. 