Some people say, "Has the limitation of human contact due to use of technology had positive or negative effects on the people's lives?" Many people think the technology caused caused a great impact in the world, with a positive effects and negative effects. so, most people think the technology had a good effects in the world, because it helps without having contact with others, and olso they can communicate with their family who doesn't live with them, but the technology it can help with many things of their jobs or from the school it depends how you want to use it.

Most people think the technology had a good effects in world, because technology alllow people to complete many tasks without having access to the librery. Technology it helps to be better, if, the people doesn't have technology the world is almost nothing, because the technology had a great impact in everything, with the technology they can get a job, you can teach yourself about everything that you want, the technology can do things that the human can't do it, the technology helps to do this and more. The technology helps to communicate with others parts of the world, technology is a resource more easy to save time, with the technology you can discover things that you even know.

Technology it can help with things of their jobs or from the school, it's going to help people with everything, when people get a job people will need a technolog, because many things are made from the technology buildings, cars, phones, schools, hospitals, etc. The technology is one of the most important methods in the world humans will use it for everything.

At the schol, technology it will help with homework, if, people it's going to do some resources from the school,

if you can't go to the school and somebody wants to learn something from themeselves, this world is practically made for technology. Technology is method to save time when people is doing something from their job or from the school.

Some people who are desagree with statement will say, the technology has negative effects with people, because the technology lost people in the schools, every student in each school are using their headphones, cell phones, and everything in this time the technology loss the teenegers because they are completely focus on the technolgy, but, most people think it depends how you using, if, it will use it in a bad way, people will have bad results, if, people use it in a good way, they will have good resuls. The technology is going to work in both ways, good and bad it depends on themeselves.

The technology it can teach many things thereby people has to know how to use it, because the technology has many advantage and many disadvantage people can use it, technology is the scientific knowledge and equipment that is needed for a particular industry, etc. to know developments in computer technology is required for some jobs, a person whose know technology works involves practical skills, but the technology it can lost people too, so,

the people has to try to use the technology only in emergency, because the technology is not play, you can have a good results or bad results, it depends on you, technology can be very helpful.