Well what i think about praising for a student is that it could be achievement or self-esteem. Praising could be good/bad the way how you used it. People who is a praising could be good/bad people who helps other people just like a hero, it also mean a ruler too. People who used praising could used it as a expression. Some people used praising as self-esteem to get there anger out on someone,and some peolple used it as a achievement. Some people used praising as self-esteem to ignore their pain or just get ther anger out.

some people that are using praising as a achievement is good person why becasue you can do lots of things that make other people think you are a hero or a leader. It could used it in school,wrok or in general outside the word. theres lot praising in the world. Theres fighter fighter who help people with a burning house, and theres a cop who find bad guys who deserve to go to jail like crimital or robbers. And now theres us we can help people by asking if they need help if they are strugging to carry something or they have a flat tire you can help them. Just overall help people that are struggling because peope will follow your step by seeing you do it. If you see a old lady go help her bring the stuff to her car or ask her do you need any help if she say yes then help her and if she say no then shes fine but atleast you ask because some people are watching who is helping or not.

Our world need more better people by help other people, we dont need any drama or bad stuff happen to our world like that. We need our world to be friendly so other people can visit us more. How you can make this world better is by help other peolpe that are struggling, care for each other, be friendly to other people make friends, and lastly be positive to other people who you see. The truth about praising is that it deopend on other people sees it and used it outside the world. If you used Praising for bad thats on you but if you used praising for good then yay for you your making this world a better place and envirment for other people and changing others people mind about our word we live in. Some people used praising for good and some people dont and thats okay,why beacuse people sees praising diffrently from what we see in person, and thats fine thats normal for people that dont think the same as we do. 