It is wonderful to accomplish something that you really want by working hard you can get it, and when you have already accomplish that goal or dream you fell so great that you did it. "Like my mom always said to me that in this life you have to work hard to get what you want."

First of all,

My mom work cleaning houses she work hard to give my sister and I the things that we want, and she always have a goal to work by her self and have her own cleaning jod. Not working with a company that they make her work hard and pay her little money, when my mom came to his country [U.S.A] she start working for a women that women put her to do alot of house and pay her little money and when my mom told her that she was giving her alot of work she was angry at my mom. My mom then she start workin give another women that do the same thing they do twelve houses everyday my mom was so tired and not only that there was another women taht was working there that she hate my mom all the time they have problems. My mom don't want that anymore and now my mom have her own job she one or two hause everyday and in a week she make five or eight hundrent dollars she have work hard to get want she wants.

secondly, My parents want to buy a house to have our own house and that renting a aparment that is so small that a house and have our own space. My sister and I we were sharing the same room and we always have problems because she always have leave trush in the room she didn't pit it up I always have to do it and I was tired of that. Living in a aparment you don't have a space to plant flowers or playing around with your cousins. My parent they always were going to the bank to take up a loan but they couldn't beause they didn't have a good interentest and they continue to go to the banks and woking hard to have good interentest in the bank and fine they get it. My parent buy a hause and we have like six or seven mounth that we are living in that house.

Also, I have a friend that she study hard to have good grades and a counselor from the school call her that want to talk to her that she can calify to a university for having good grades. She went have to go for a mounth to stay in that university to know how is live of the university and compete with other students, then that same counselor take her to Generic_City for a fiel trip to go and see some people that will sing in a famouse place. She have work hard to get that things that she have get.

Accomplishing same thing that you really want a great thing beause you can have a better future and have a great life. Sometimes is hard and challenge you said I cannot to these anymore but you can do it but you have to work little hard to get there. Sometimes it is very challengeful for some people but they break that barrier that stop them to continue but they do it why other people can we are the same. 