Does technolgy have a posistive or negative effect in your life? To me it does because it allows me to complete many things without having contact with others. For example when you wanna order something online you dont have to calll you can just order it online with out contaction anyone.

Technology can help you in manys ways. One way it can help you is by if you dont know the answers to a homework you can go on a computer or even a phone and look up answers and wedsites of where your answers can be. Another way is if you need to do technology work need to be done at home you can use a computer and send an email to your teacher without contacting her about it when your done. To me i see this as a positive effect on people because it can help you succed in school and complete things you need to do as well.

There are so many other ways technology can help you as well. when you wanna sign up for soccer you can regrister online. All you have to do is answers qustions put your information and once your done putting your information in you can pay for it and once you pay your coach will get an email that you singed up for his team. Technology for kids is positive when they are younger than 5. Letting them use phones and tablets would be good so they can learn how to say , words , letters, numberrs, and learn new things before they go to school and already know a couple things. So that to me is a posetive effect with technology

For sum people negative effects could also be negative for them also. When a parent dosent know how to use a phone it can be stressfull for them becuase they wouldnt know what to do unless someone is there to help him and do the things the parent needs to do on the one. Also another negative effect is when if you have all work saved in a computer and you get your computer wet and it wont turn on how are you gonna show your boss or teacher your so that would have a big negative effect on the worker. These are sum ways technology can have a negative effect on you.

To me technology has a poseitive effect in my life because I can be able to do more things and not have to worry about and contact people to help me do it. I also beleive for other people it can help aso for like, work, bank, food and more . But sometimes they can also be negative things but negative things also happen in life so its okay for that to happen. So Technology is good for life becuause it can bring posetive effect.