Technology is taking over the world! There is now less human contact. People may think that the limitation of human contact due to the use of technology has positive effects on their lives, but that is false. The limitation of human contact due to the use of technology has a negative effect on people's lives because it impacts their health in a negative way and people get too dependent on technology.

Health is very important, but people take good health for granted; To begin with, technology may impact individuals health in a negative way. For example, people's vision might get blurry and people that are looking down at their electronic devices impacts their neck position. Furthermore, people may slouch down when they are using a computer. This is important because people need to be more aware of what can effect their health in a horrible way.

The use of technology is phenomenal, people use it in their every day lives. Therefore, individuals get too dependent on technology; For instance, Individuals use technology to communicate with others and they use it for location. In addition to that, people use technology to educate themselves. Although those are beneficial perks, it causes people to be too dependent on technology. This is important because instead of people completing tasks with technology, they can easily do it themselves. To illustrate, if people want a snack they can walk down to the store and buy it instead of ordering it online

People think that the limitation of human contact due to the use of technology has positive effects on their lives since people with no available transportation can order online or if others live in a area that is dangerous, they can order online to receive the things that they want to be safe; However, technology has a negative impact since it makes people risk their health. In conclusion, the limitation of human contact due to the use of technology has a negative effect on people's lives because it can possibly impact their health in a horrible way and people get too dependent on technology, but they use it to help themselves.