Is Emerson right about the statement he wrote? Emerson's statement stated that "unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow." I agree with this statement because it lets you know that anyone can push for a higher acomplishment in their own life. As well, reading the passage gets people thinking on their goals, if they should push to reach for higher limits. I'll tell you why Emerson's statement is right.

As a start, many people are inspired by Emerson's statement and its made them believe more in themself. Having a powerful statement can really open other peoples eyes to strive for high goals. As well, push boundries that they never thought they had. People with start to have faith knowing they can rise above their own expectations. For example, many people give up and stop trying to reach their goals. Then they have no idea on what they want to do or what they can manage to do.

In fact, people who past beyond thier own boundries have a successful life style. They start to know what they can handle and how to fully succeed, It make them feel like they can complete any type of task that they're given. People start to feel better on themself knowing what the can do. Some people say its a weight lifting feeling they get once they find out what they were missing out on. For example, people ened up over thinking things and made it harder on them self for not achiving the goals.

As a matter of fact, People end up gaining more experiance on what they do. They also start to want to take on new challenges so they can have more experiance. They want to be filled with many different ways to have a strong mind and successful life style. People who has gained so much experiance can get any type of work within seconds because of their experiance, nothing has ever stop someone from believing they can do more. For example, people with the most experiance struggle less for work.

In conclusion, Emerson's statement shows a strong componet in peoples lifes. Making it one of the most insperational quotes that has ever existed. People start to end up valuing in themself more then they ever thought they could. People who can't do things that are beyond their own ability hasn't grown yet. Many of the people are too scared to reach for higher expectaions when they have the ability to take it. Overall it befits the people more when they end up gaining more work experiance.