Generic_Name.

Introduction:

We can see to simple nudes ayes when some people have the high enthusiams and we can detected if a person are sad, happy, when you talking or with yours expressions to the other people. The people who have enthusiams are the persons who ever have more people in the around whos can help them, so if they see a person sad, they go where him and they try to be happy him again or they asked you how they can help that person, but a person who doesn't have enthusiams they worry about to other people.

People who have enthusiams:

They can to do all whatever they wants, because they are happy.

They can create a grat ideas when they are happy in that moment.

They can help to other person who need help.

They can to be the best in everything.

They can to be happy to ther people who are tired or sad.

People who doesn't have enthusiams:

If you doesn't have enthusiams, you can not do anything.

How you can help to other person if you doesn't have your own enthusiams.

If your enthusiams is bad, don't be alone.

If you don't have enthusiams, you doesn't wants to do anything.

Do you agree with Churchill's statement about the important role that failure plays in the pursuit of success?

No, I'm not agree whith him because, if we failure and failure everytime again, so we enthusiams go to down, but if we failure just one time and the next time we are more preparate, is almost same that happen to me the day nobvemver 19, 2018,

that for see the hour from my phone, some people think that I did cheat in the SOL, but I doesn't need do that for pass this SOL.

Conclusion:

The bad enthusiams not just affect one person, that affect to the people who are in the around because if we can transmit cheerfulness to the other person and the other size the coin, other people can transmit the bad enthusiams I think so, so the person who have a good enthusiams they try to help to the other people. Winston Churchill with that he said, I understand that thing; That person whos failure and failure, are the person more strong because each failure they return more strongers and they do the best job. 