I do agree with Former British Prime Minister Winston Churchhill without failure how can we humans excied in life to get to success? To prove my statement i will provide two reasons, and also two examples, explaining why i believe that failure can lead humans to a world we couldnt imagine it could exiest.

Reason number one would be Battles and Wars. I believe that losing Battles and Wars help us the united states of america create new weapons wither it was nuclear or bullets. Another reason why i say that is because without losing those battles and wars how wouldve we found out about atomic bombs or harden steel bullets. It sounds crazy and highly dishorroable to are fallen heros who were killed in action, but if we won wars and battles everytime we would soon fall. Because we keep using the same positions and plans in order to win, and we also would feel too confident in wining so we will be using the same weapons over and over again and let the other team discover those new atomic weapons.

Reason number two is about automobles. Automobles have been around for a very long time now i guess if my calculations are right its been almost 1,500 years since Henrey Ford showed the world his first ever automoble, the Model T. Henrey Ford had to go through so many people doubting his Model T project would work. Day by day, month by month, even year after years of failed experments. But in the spring of 1830 he successfully got one fully working and running. He had to go through so much walls blocking his path in order to show the world that a automoble was and still is possible. Another example would be Tesla. The famous electronic car company to power there cars with electricity. those guys mustve gone through so many experments that i cant even imagine and the amout of failed ones too and im pretty sure there is alot more failed test projects than passed ones. I say that to be reasonable about it not saying it to make fun of them because if they didnt fail the first time the first modles would have been super crappy, like the cars would suck. Because after every failed project you get new ideas and new imagines of how you want the car to repersent the company and have a good repuation. So if failure wasnt an option for these two companys the cars of 2020 wouldve sucked so much because the company will only car about the money and just send running crappy looking cars that we humans have as a need for work and family.

Those are my last two thoughts about failure and Wisten Churchill isn't wrong at all. Without failure succces would feel like nothing like if it was pointless. And we wouldnt live the world we live in today if it wasnt for people back then who didnt stop failing until they reached succesed.