I think for my opinion students should and shouldn't use their phones at school. because the good thing about it is faster and its easier because students now days use their phones every day. The bad things about students using their phones in class its that it could be a distraction for them doing their work and many more things.

The bad things about students using their phones are that students wouldn't pay attention in class and would be lazy to do their work at school, thats why the schools have computers and a library's so we could look up information for their subjects. Its a distraction and wouldn't let them learn or do their work. cause now in these days all teenagers use their phone for everything. Lets say if the teacher let the students use their phone so they can look up information for their work. Im pretty sure mostly of the students would be doing something is like being on social media or texting their friends. Thats why school is a place to get your education by learning and paying attention.

Even students now this days they get mad if the teacher ask for their phone cause they use it allot in class. Students learn more faster by reading n doing their work and using their head. Cause if they use their phone they going to be looking up the answers. I think what should teachers do is that they should give their phone to the teacher once you get into class and once the class ends he should give it to you back. Another bad things about phones is that they use them on the test to look up the answers n dont try.

The good things about using your phones is that it easier to use then a computer and it so much faster. I think students should be allowed cause you could learn from their n look up information or things that you dont understand in class and you could find another way of learning and different ideas. The other good reason your better on typing on phone then using computer.

I think its a good and a bad idea cause with your phone its quicker to use then a computer but the bad thing about its a distraction to student. Cause they would putting more attention to their instead of the teacher. And student get distract with their phone cause they access to social media at the same time. And student would cheating on test cause they would be looking up the answers. Students now in this days have to use their phones less cause they use them every day n not their and thats the reason they dont learn.