If you ask people "When are you feel happy?". Most of them can respond that they feel happy in some kind when they are succesful, with a less of problems and failures. But what are in the another side of this success? How people get this success? Nobody can't tell whole way of getting succesful. But why?

Everyone went a hard, full of pitfall way. It wasn't easy, it was hard when you tried to achieve one's goal. Succesful people hadn't easy way of getting succesful. Failure is in some kind examination, challenge for us when we are trying to stay succesful. Succesful people must pass all kind of failure examination that to show that they are strong, sturdy, and patient. Success doesn't like weak and whiner people.

For example, famous people like musicians and composers: Bach, Mozart, Beethoven; writers like Shakespeare, Stendal, Tolstoy, and Pushkin; scientics like Einshtein and Tesla. They all are famous now, because in their time they had goal: be succesful and do those things that they are like to do by their soul and heart. They had failures and opponents, peoples who just only hate and envy them. And now you're just can only imagine on how much those people were full of enthusiasm and pation that we know about them now, in our time. They are examples of succesful people for us now.

Nobody of famous and succesful people don't tell you that it was easy way of stay succesful. Because it is true. And everyone has different failures; you can't feel those failures like feels those person by itself. And nobody can't tell you that the way to stay success will be easy. It is a very big number of people, who pray to achieve their goal, but with the first failures they just stopped and go back, they loss their enthusiasm. And this people just need to be pushed with someone with the words "Hey! What's happen? This is all all that you can show? Other people have more failures then you, you must go forward! You mustn't to be afraid to see with your eyes your failure. You must be strong." And I think they can find some strength.

There are a lot of different meetings, conferences, and seminars with a succesful and famous in some way people. There you can hear more good things that can help you to improve, to achieve your goal and stay succesful. But you can't hear all of the failure that would be connected personaly with you, and on how much it can be hard, that you still have enthusiasm that help you to solve your problems and improve. When you stay on the way to achieve your goal, because of the failures you can forget why you do all this things, you need to remember all of the good things you now that will be when you achieve your goal and stay, at first, success for yourself. With a failures you stay more self-controlled, and grew up more inside of you, stay more confident in your deed.

In our life we stay succesful with everyday for ourself too. We have some small and big goals that we want to achieve. Our life is the way to stay succesful. We are achieve our goals for stay succesful in the school, in the college or university, in the sport, and on the work.

To stay succesful it is not easy way with a failures that pursuit us. But we need remember for what we stay on this way, way to stay succesful.