Tomas Jefferson say is wonderful how much may be done if always diong. And is one of the reason I deagree with Jomas because if the person always doing something learning stuff they never before do. Is wonderful how much the person can be do and learning new stuff if always work hard. One of the many reason of the human is a intelligent,stroong,smart and do new stuff no matter if they are easy or difficult. If they work hard can be do everithing.

For example the human not born with the capacity to walk or speak all human learng how do new stuff not matter how dificult ther are because more do more learng. One of the big point of always do somehing is prepare for life,is not easy but diong something to make sure the person is in the right way is the most important things the person need to know. Teaching personality and work hard is the big stuff, however one point of life the thing come hard but teaching how go and do resolve the problem. Not matter how be is the problem you need to go and do something then make how strong the person are. The person need to struggle with problems but learning and work hard is the main reason why the person is strong. On one point has the access to take something and work on that, but doing something is how learning new need stuff. Example the person who invent the technology they work hard and always do somethig to make they dream to come real and thas why diong somethihg and do the best potential is how make all the stuff of life. The person who study and prepare to make thay dreams are those work and not matter hoe big is the way they make one aesy way to continue they dream.

Doing somethigs always is the reason why the society do big work define new thing new technology new life becuase always are doing somethis. The person not born with all the intelligent not they learn how walk,speak and one point of life they go to school they not know everything. Not they do something the work hard, however a lot person are very smart but they continue to learn always doing something because they want to a better because they want to suppor the world and they family a better place. Likely the most professional always do something to make sure they life are excel of the most difficult piont of they life becuase always work hard and make new things, because not matter how low they education the person take always can be a better person because always try to define the best decition and the best example to the society. A different way to make the personality strong is find new ways to the problem. Life is like a game more things more work more aesy is to make the things.

If the person always are diong something new and the not choose to stay an d the same place all the time. And the person choose to continue doing new stuff and new work they not need to be the most smart person on the world. They need to work and show they can be do,however they walt to be not matter if they how be a stong personality and not matter is they't go the best school or the best college. Only matter how they be and the profession and the work. If the person or the society do somethig they can be the future. For example one day the person get up and choose to do something and make sure they days are very beautiful do new projects they can be came be make they life more aesy to continue. Life and work are like a gardener more flowes the person add more beautiful they came to be is like work more thing you learng more easy life come. one point they persono can't be continue but all the things thy learn more aesy came to be going up.

That why more things do make goals they persons can find, not matter were the person came or were the born always doing something more intellegent the person can to be. However a lot person are very smart but they continue to learn always doing something because they want to a better or find new technology or make a different on this world. One of the big point of always do somehing is prepare for life. All the persons are not the same one they has more technology to they dream,but others person not and this is not one obstacle to make they dream. Because all the time are be doing something and not wait to came things came not they go find and work hard to make all be came to be positibe they not have obstacles they have the strong to be come a better person. And show everyone not matter how difficult are the problem they came be successfuly person. Like Thomas Jefferson say always diong somethings much be done and is true because the person came to this life and learng everything, a lot person move to other place, need to learng need lenguage, need tradititiones and need people is hard but with the time can be learnig everything and continue the life again with need stuff thas is what is important to always diong on and be done what they need to be done and make sure do the best and hork hard and show a good and strong personality. And accomplish more if always they're something on specific point of life can to be so difficult but working hard and with discipline all can be come more aesy and undertake a new dream and new stuff of life can be come the best tool to widely and known as the most expert guidance to life. Base of all the information always doing somethig more thigs can be done and the persons can be accomplish and determine what strong thye personality they are.