I am not agree because everybody in this world can be freedom to think or to do whetever they wan because we have the independence of right. They can enthusiasm for things or wons that they did.

If they want to do that the rule said is they decition,or they opioniom because they are freedom right, but i am disagree with thus rule for one reason, that it's. That if they don't want to failure you have to fight for yours dreams for everythink that you can do it, and say thank u god for give me that opportunity and say i am so pround of me.

you never give up just kept going and follow your dreams to have a good future and don't be failure and don't play with that things beacuse you can practice once and you can take that thing for a while of your life.

I will give you one example for this thing, you see the poor people that they follow the rules just for money or do whetever things just for money is because they just wanna a good future for they kid's and they don't wanna failure they just fight for they kid's to have a good education and they hope that one they they can be somebody profetional like doctor and help them family to get out the situation of poor.

I hope that everyone in this world can see the right things and complete and don't be afraid if you don't do nothing bad why you suppost to be afraid you have your right laws. If you play wiht that thing you can fail in your life, but you can learn that way because when you broken down and you say i can't continue with this, is when you have to say i am stronger, the life give a leason, and i learn about that. Now i see and i can be better.

You can see now that you can do it. When you wish something like be profetional, soccer player, but if you play with failure you can fail thats right you can not have to play wiht that.

Also there is going to be peoples in your way that they dosen't want that you can be happy, like a fake friends, and sometimes we were really surprised because someones in your family are fake too, but don't pay atention to them just focus in your dreams and finish.

Another example is my self because when i came in United States, i don't even know English and i thoght that will be more difficul for me, i thoght that i will fail every class, but is not how was i thihk because i just focus in my class and i work hard every single day, and i never fail one class that's right you never have to loss the enthusiasm in your life and enjoy every single day, because the life is just one and we has to make the most of opportunitys in this life, and be happy every single day.

When i came in United States without my parents i thoght that will be more difficul for me, at the beginnig was so hard because i always live with them but i never give up because i know that they want a good future for me and i saw that way and now i juts want to help them because they are a good example in my life they say to me, son just fight for your dreams and don't worry about us you know that will be ok and that's right i never loss my enthusiasm because i want to reversed the help that they give me one day.

My father and my mother say, you arer the reason for work and fight so hard for you. You will have a good future don't be afriad don't loss your enthusiasm. That's right i never loss my enthusiasm because i take the example that they give me because i wanna be a good example for my childrens and be like my parents or better.

When you have a problems to solve and you feel that you can fail just think creatively about different ways to solve and actively work to balance your mind, health and emotions or enthusiasm. we have to develop many ways to solve the problems. Our environment it will be consider many perspectives, and how we can work to balance our mind, health and see many solutions in our life.                     