its always good to ask people how it feels or how it went to an object they had or have. Its better to learn from experience from people so you dont have to do things they did and ended up bad. for example if you wanna buy a car and your friend has one and you ask him how it rides and if it runs smooth. If he doesnt like it how it runs he'll tell you so he wont do the mistake he did. Always ask someone that had the things you want and ask them how it is so you dont mess up. Always ask for advise from people with expreience because they know what their talking about. Always take the advise from people that you know and that would wants you to do good people that already been in the problem. Alwaysa trust the person thats telling you the truth about something and telling you how stufdf works. People whith experience will tell you everything how it went because it was probably the worst feelings ever. Some people that been in a bad problem tell the other person the problem so they wont do it so it wont hurt anyone else. It's good to learn from others because it gives you a chance to to really think about what you shouldn't do. Take advantage of what the people tell you what to do and what not to do because they want the best for you and they'll try their best to help you out. Listen closly to what they tell you because they been threw the thing you going threw right now. People that tell you things or adivse and there older than you always listen to what they want to say because it's important because they been alive longer and they been threw it. Doesn't matter if it's a stranger always listen because it's important probably not in the moment in the fueture it will be so alwaytake there advise no matter what. It's good to learn from others so you can see what happen so it wont happem to you. Any little pice of adivse will be handy in your future so always take it and when your in a problem always rember about it what they they told you and what was gonna happen if you ever did it 