Should students have longers breaks during the school years? i have lestening to all the parents at school saying that students should get more longers breaks during the school year but i am totally desagree because, it is not a good idea having really longers breaks during the entire school year .Some students dont have the ability to learn easily than the others and if we get more longers breaks then we will not have time to teach those students who really needs help in school and it is not that the school is like trying to be mean to the students it is just that we think that if we give more education to the students then they will have a better future in their lifes.

First of all we all know that having breaks sounds reallly fun but sometimes we need to think about our future, in specific when we want to live a good life or have a better future and i think having breaks all the time it is not that necessary. For example, if someone is going to vacations, breaks and traveling around the world all the time, they probably dont know that is going on in the present or what are the news of the day , they are not being educate but in this case we are talking about the students so i think if students have really logers breaks all the time they are not going to be educate when they grow up , they are not going to do things by them self because they are not going to know how to do something .

second of all, giving breaks to the students all the time its is not good because, they are not going to have a good behavior in their future, some teachers works really hard to teach those students who dosen't have the ability to learn like others and when they going to vacations or breaks , all the hard work that the teachers were giving to the students will be gone because, they will not been focusing in school or they will not being focusing in what they were learning about. Also when students go to vacations or breaks they only think about having a great time with friends or family and i know that their are some others kids or students that sometimes are not like those students who dont really care about their future and i honestly think that if all the students could be educate individually will be a really good idea .

Finally, i think that the parents really need to know how important is to being educate when u are young because , when a person stars growing up everything in your mind change too. As adult i can say that it is hard to learn things when u get older. Sometimes when you get old, you star getting more lazy but when you are young it gets easy because , the only thing you have to do is study and focusing on school so that is why i think being educate is really important for a human and it is not good to be wasting time in longers breaks or vacations when we can waste all that time doing proyects, homework and activitides in school, and if the students have longers breaks then they will forget the knowledge during the breaks .

As a result , i think having longers breaks it not that really necessery for students specially when they are young because, a student dont really need that much time to relaxing or that much time to have a free time doing nothing . Also i can say that a student dont need a really a long break because, when i was in high school the only thing that i needed to be focusing on was in school becuse i wanted to have education, i wanted to have a better life and be a good person in the future. I also think that when you are educate you have more opportunity to get a job. For example , if you are not educate and you want to apply to get a job, the manager it is going to see that you are not educate enough to be working in the place ,so you absolully not going to have a chance to get a job. And i think that is really important for getting a job in whatever place you want to work in, so i really think that the students should not have longers breaks during the school year , that way students will be more polite in school and they will be focussing in learning more things that is going to take them to a better place ,to a better life and to a better future.