Most employers are looking for expecific characteristics in a potential employee. I writing this card for you Mr, Generic_Name

I totally agree with you are excellent boss ,however, in you store for the present, and future you need good employees. I dont have excellent experience for this work, but Im wonderful cadidate for developing, I learning stremately really fast, and have the skills for this wonderful work. For take this position I always remember there are three most importantly reason there are time, habits and good attitude for customers, and how to socialize with everybody. Im honest person and never give up when I have clear odjectives, and I demostrated you Dear Mr Generic_Name my abilities.

The firstly reason is the time and dinamic is very beneficial for our mind and our spirit. Every single day need to respect our horario for developing our personal work for perceverance we have all the posibilities on our life to build our own character. We need keep moving forward the coriosity keeps leading us new paths and more oportunities in work, and personal lives.

The secondly reason is habits I think everybody have different actions how organize, and develop more suphisticated method of work this is important, for example, when customers go to the restaurant on weekend the tables, and flour everything need to stay crystal clear. The character we learning in home we need to put in practice in our work. Aiming high expectetions and setting big characters to succeed the consistency and perseverance.

The thirdly reason is attitude for developing our work need to stay with people with excellent energy for charger our mind, and everybody demostrated the costumers we are the store with stremaly potential, and very respectful, and kind workers. We have the controlling of store and wonderful attention,and broadly with easy work and constant positivity will make them too soft to compete in the work with struggle attitude have the custumers. In will demostrated our method how interact and socialize with people.

Dear, Mr Generic_Name, I writing this letter for you take cosiderancy. Im good worker and have the skills for this store I promisse you put in practice my specific reason, for example, time, habits and attitude all this things considered it seems reasonable to implement in the work. The are important how to communicate and demostrate responsible in my work and developing, and please take consider my personal opinion thank you.  