Failure playes a huge part of becoming successful. By failing people are learning on how not to make the same mistakes again. For example lets say that i was trying to become a professional soccer. I played for the best clubs, i was named the best player in the team, and i have never been cut from a team. One day my coche tells me that there is a professional soccer try out next week and he want me to get ready. So he gives me a schedual on what i should be doing to get fit. Everyday i have to eat right and train hard. I did all of those things somedays i did not want to train and just start eating unhealthy but i fought through it. Try out day comes and i was ready as i will ever be. we started out with warm ups and went to drills. I was amazing. i was like the best player at the fiald. at the end of the day they gathered every body up and called all the people that made it. I was not one of them. I have failed to become a pro soccer player. Now this is the part where enthisiasm playes a role. I can eather stop playing soccer and choes a diffrent routh or i can pick my head im and try again. Failing tests you on how pationant you are at what you are doing and are you willing to fail again and again to be succesful. A good example would be the book persude of happynes. In this book the main person makes a muchen and he wants to sell in. But nobody would buy it. He was also a dad with one kid and lived in a motal. he got kicked out of the motal because he was not able to pay his bills. So he was homeless for a cuple of weeks. Even though he was homeless that did not stop him from trying to sell his machean. Still nobody was willing to buy it off of him. Finaly after his ups and downs somenoe bought his muchean. The person that bought it told some people on how good the machen was and they started to buy it to. He became successful because he did not give up on his dream even though he was geting regected every time he tryed to sell it. failure is the key to your success.