I agreed with Auther Ralph Waldo Emerson " Unless you try to do somthing beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow" which is ture. Hard working pays you back!

Some people think they become rich by nature, every time knowledge need to upgrade ,and to keep our wealthy life need to work hard.

First reason, most of the time people think they become rich by nature. Which means they become well to do when they born. I personally do not support this idea because behind every success they is a hard working. For example United State of America is number one powerfull country in the world but, before America got that name their was a lots of scrifice. In my opinion If we dig the ground and we found the piece of gold that is not wealth that is a sign of destination, that means until we got the gold reservoir do not stop excavate.

Second reason, when a year change lots of thing change. For instant knowledge. Now adays tecnology descover the world. In this case every time knowledge need to upgrade. If you have degree in the filed of IT in 2016 and, still you did not upgrade your knowledge you are out of the game. The system or the caricullem is change so fast so we need to ajest our speed to run with the generation. If we need to grow what we have, we need to try somthong.

Inaddition, to keep our wealthy life we need to work hard. For example Bill Gate is wealthy man in America he have everything house,car and money. Bill gate does not say I have everything I do not need to work after this time. He is working hard like us. Because unless he did something to grow his wealth he will going to lose what he have. This is real life by any means if we stop trying we lose everything work, food, money, and family. The key is work hard do not Give Up.

In conclusion, we need to do somthing or try our best to live our wonderfull life. I strongly support Author Ralph Waldo idea. Dreams are not somthing to wait for; they are somthing to work for.

Which means works are the rode to get our dreams. Today is a great day to learn somthing new.