Think abou the benefits of working with a group or workin alone. The people think working in gruop you have more benefits. Working in gruop is more better because that more people thinking idea's of to the work. The peoplo think is more good working in group because you have more idea "Which work alone". Working in group you has benefits because tha's more person thinking idea's , and writing.

Meanwhile you work alone because you think more , and work more an strong more your mind. I preference, work in group tha's why you has more benefits. The people tink is more better work in group why is more easy which work alone. The socioenomic class consisting of people who work for wages esp. Low wages , including unskilled and semiskilled laborers and their group.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    