Working alone will always be a better progress to your knowledge. Some people think that is better to work in group than by yourself. But many famous people has shared their own stories of life and it show how working alone can open your brain to another level and acomplish more of what others think that just can be done in group. I read an old story of my favorite wrestler , and he explained how he worked really hard at the gym to become one of the best wrestler man in the whole story;that's why I think is better to work alone because working alone help to increase your understanding , it show that you are willing to grow on your own, and it will be one more step forward of your knowledgy.

Consider,for a moment, working alone will help to increase your understanding and if working alone have so many people on the top of hall of fame why we should not try to be one of those people , but to be one of those people we need to work harder than ever. However, people must work alone and they must feel the pain of the hard work that they need to get done. Furthermore,to increase your understanding you must try to learn or do something new every single day of your life, In order to see the result of the hard work that you are doing , does not matter if that is a meantal or physical work as long as you are doing a safe work to succed in those goals.

Besides, working by yourself is safer than working in group and when people work alone it show the desires to grow by their own experiences because a lot of times we trust people that we should not trust for many reason as envious of what you are cusseding at, pervert people in your group doing the wrong work that they should not do,and many times they do the wrong work just to see you down or because they are not interesting on the topic or kind of work than the group supposed to be doing. According with paragraph one ,working alone will definitely take you to succed in your goals and you will get each of your goals done. However, you must be focus and give all the motivation to those dreams that you have in life.

There is a lot of people that think is better to be working in group than by ourselves because five heads think better than a single one. True , I agrees that five heads think better than one , but how about not every menber in the group is agree with the topic or the material that they are working on; what could happen there is problems between themselves because none of them have the same goals or thoughts. Moreover, it could even cause discussiones with teachers, and it will be worse for the group, so which means working alone would be the best option for everyone to take. That way every person can work on their goals and express their diffrent thoughts without getting into discussions.

Concluding with paragraph one,two and three,'' working alone would be the best fit to you to acomplish everything you want as long as you work for it,''. That is why I always try to work alone in all ways because it help to discover new things , a new person inside of you, but also it help to push yoursel forward and always do your best in every single thing that you do on your own because at the end of the way whatever you acomplish,''that is gonna be your legacy,''. If it were up to me , working alone would definitelly be the first option to people to take in a classroom or any place that you are working on.             