The ancient greek story teller said no act of kindness shoudn't be wasted because They wan't everyone to be kind like they say no act of kindness should never be wasted. They wan't everyone to be kind and no wasting act of kindness. My oppinoion I wold at least do one to five act of kind ness a day to make someone happy. If you do a act of kind ness you might get some to say something good about to make you feel good. It is nice to do in genral. You can feel good if you gave some a complement of there self and make them feel good. You can make someone day because they might have had A bad day and you gave them a complment and that make them feel good. I think the auther made this becuase they can make people feel good. The ancinent greek is relly old and they were doing alot of act of kind ness. The ancient greek story teller said no act of kindness no act of kind nees shoud never be wasted no matter how small. I think Aesop is a ancient greek king That can tell people to do act of kind ness. He said in his words NO! act of kind ness should never be wasted for no small reason I think that means that evreyone should do a serten amont of acts of kind ness a day like I said that I woud do do like one to five act of kind ness a day to make someone happy. I think That is why he wants evreyone to do acts of kind ness. For people                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              