In my opinion, I gree with the Prime Minister Winston Churchill because the enthusiasm in the life is everything because without the entusiasm we are nothing, we can't go nowhere because we don't has the enthusiam, if we want something like jod, career, something the we want in life, we need the enthusiams first. Failure make people to give up when they mess up something but they has to keep going and doing thing possitive. Now i going to writting some example and information about the enthusiams and failure.

First, In this life if we not make a mistake (failure) we are not going to learn anything but we has to know if we fail we always has to try again and again no better what. We always need to thing possitive and has the enthusiams to do it again and get what ever we want in this life but always with the enthusiams because we need to has enthusiams to try again. Don't drop out your dreams if thing not going well.

Second, we need the enthusiams in our lifes no better if we failure, the enthusimas is the impulse to keep going and get everything like finish high schools, past the test, has a good grade but first thing possite and be enthusiams in things you really want to be successful in the future.

Third, the enthusiam is a great enjoyment, interest or approval . I think everyone has interest in something and we can make it, we can has everything but if propose in life. For me, my enthusiams is graduate from high school to make mother proud of me because thats why she came to United State to give me a better future and now she enthusiams to see her daugther graduate from high schools.

Addition, "Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm" in this quote said failure to failure is an instance of something not functioning properly but is not mean to give up just doing again but never loss enthusiasm to thing you love or want in the future just keep going make yourself proud of you and but never lost the entusiasm you has for things you love just because people talk bad things or thing is not good well, life give lesson to see if we are strong. Enthusiasm is everything in life.

conclusion, I will said that Minister Winston Churchill is rigth because how i said in the beginning of my first paragraphs enthusiams is everything in life, we need to has enthusiams in everything we do to make it better. Failure sometimes make persons to stay in the same place, failure don't let people to keep going because they think everything they do is failure and never try again or be unsuccessful in achieving something.