Introduction, i going to writing a issay about the possitive attitude the first paragrah is going to be about the jod that you always need to has a possitive attitude. In the second paragraph i gooidn to talk about the meaning about life and the possitive attitude. In the third i goint to talk about personal positive attitude.

First, I think that has a positive attitude is always good to your life and help you to give a sense a everything. We always need to has a reason to has positive attitude because without a good attitude you never getting a jod because in a jod you always to has a possitive attitude with the coustumer. Life is beautiful every morning we need to start we a happy face because is another day to thanks that we wake up because not everyone has a bed or a warm house but somenthing the people live in the street has always good and positive atitude than the others.

Second, the meaning of the life is always somenthing that motivate that never give up and we need to know that is depend that we has a good attitude. if we dont has a good or posititve atitude we are going to fail everything. Example one girl want to study in Generic_School and she really want to finish schools but she come with a bad behavior they dont let her come to be a student. In thats why we need to has a possitve attitude to comply the goals we has. I think the meaning for positive attitude is somenthing that we really need no better what because we need to show a people that no better has going though us life we always show up we a possitive attitude.

third, I remenber that my mom always tell me that everything depend in my attitude because the persons around me they always look my attitude. We make friends whit the attitude why? the reason we my friends with the attitude because the attitude make us different in many differents ways. Us attitude is everything. some people does not about attitude because they never learn what is attitude means. I learn about positive attitude because my mother show me how has a possitive attitude. everybody need to has a possitve attitude o has a happy life with big goals. Something in life we always know some people that they dont know about attitude but we need to be nice we them.

Conclusion the topic was about positive attitude that we all need to has a possitive attitude and their life to demostrate the we are discipline.