85% of the people trying to do all things the there are ready have done.

The issue is not all the people are doing what there ready need to do because, the people this days are doing that the thing is the best, and sometimes the best is doing what there already have done and there they never going to grow; doing things the are the are not going to help the rest of there life.

I disagree my first reason is,is you can try to do different things and help your future. My second reason is, don't be shy to do all things different. Last reason, don't be your self all the time because you never going to to know the world the you live and you never going to know your self if you never do different things.

You can try to do different things and help your future; For example if you want to do something in you life you need to start thinking about something, because in my family my sister past for the same thing the she was wasting time, but one day my mom took to her about her future if she don't start to thinking, and today she is a doctor because she stop doing the same things the she already have done.

Don't be shy to do all things different; For example my dad is was scare to do his company because he things all the work is going to be so different, and I told him if you never going to try different things we never going to grow in the future. and now we the company and the work in good, and help him a lot because hi try hard to do it.

Don't be your self all the time because you never going to know the world the you live and you never going to know your self if you never do different things; For example my mom she always said be your self all the time but one day I told her mom that is not great because if you be your self all the time you not going to rich want you want in life because your self like to do the staff the are simple are self don't like work hart to rich are gold in life.

Conclusion I

disagree the all people are doing the same things there are ready done and they don't want to grow to be something in there life. People we need to start thinking about our future because ans start doing different thing not be you self all the time.