Students should commit to a career at a young age or specifically by the time they get to highschool. Most students know what they wanna do when they get to highschool so its a good idea to commit to a career that you are interested in and enjoy so you can start preparing for a job/career in that field of study.

Yes, students should commit to a career at young age mostly because always a good idea to start earlier than later. In addition this gives more time for preparation and being able to learn more about the career of your choice by selecting electives in highschool that are in that field of study of the career you wanna pursue. Highschool offers many electives and academy classes that students should take advantage of to stay ahead of the game in what they wanna do as a career. Its a smart way and fun way to go deeper in the career you want and learn more from it and have it help you in the future. Commiting early on is key to being more successful in that career and for your journey to that career.

Secondly, commiting to a career at a young age is useful to build up confidence in that student so they have the urge to want to pursue that career and be more serious about what they wanna do. Most students don't take their career selections seriously until senior year or until they graduate highschool. Another reason is that if you're confident in what you wanna do you'll be able to achieve your goal. For example i wanna become an athletic trainer/fitness instructor and i am taking the fitness instructor class next year for my senior year to prepare and learn more about what i wanna do. They also offer a test at the end of the year to certify you as a fitness instructor so i am confident in taking that test and still expand my study at college because i believe and i really wanna have this as a career.

Lastly, If you commit to a career early enough you can start working as part time for that career for example, after highschool and if i pass the fitness instructor class and get certified as a fitness instructor i could apply for a part time job at a gym or something related to that and help others out to reach their goal. While i would still go to college to expand my learning in althetic training having a part time job in doing what i love would be great. It could also help out with expenses and anything else. The earlier the better and more opportunitys would be opened to students.

In conclusion, students should commit to a career sometime in highschool just so they can start preparing and builidng up confidence in what they wanna do. Take advantage of classes in highschool because they are free and very helpful for the future. Overall once you find someting you like doing and want to do that as a career then commit.