In this essay we are going to discuss the various issues related to working in a group and working indvidually. The idea here will be to study the pros and cons with ralation to the particular indvidual and not to the group of which she is a part. First we will try to understand the dynamics of a group vis a vis individual, then understand the various issues involved in working as a part of the group. We would also see as to how those issuse will be influencing the person, be it in the positive side or being a hindrance.

Remamber last time when you had to do your project. You must have contemplated doing it by many ways. But some thing that comes to mind very in the beginning is either individually or in a group. Every body by facto knows what it is to be individual and perform a task individually, as she is the only person who is doing the task. But what is group and how it is formed and what are the dynamics involved in it.

So what is a group, we may dedine it as a collection of several people who come togethor to do a particular task or goal. And the group form, their structure and process and also deals with how it is functioning. This aspect of group dynamics is relevant in formal and informal groups of all types. In any organisational entity groups are very common entity and hence their study and group dynamics is an important area in the study of oranisational behaviour.

Being with group dynamics let us see what exactly it is about, it basically deals with why and how groups are formed and developed. In order to explain the same many theories have been proposed.

While group work has a host of merits, it also has its flip sids. Firstly, individual students usually lack the power to control the task as compared to when the work is assigned to one person for completion. Additionally, some group members tend to dominate in terms of contributions while othors may become dormant. In this case, the group may achieve its goal but limit other students. Work well together can achieve much more than indvividuals working on their own. A broader range of skills can be applied to practical activities and sharing and discussing ideas can play a pivotal role in deepening your understanding of a particual subject area.

Being part of a team will help you develop your own interpersonal skills such as speaking and listening as well as team working skills suck as leadership, and working wirth motivating others. Some of these skills will be useful throughout your academic career and all are value.

In order to maximise these benefits, you will need to manage your group work effectively.