20/11/2010

Mr. reader`s how are you?

This statement it`s made for informe to you ,

we are sure based in the prompt called; THE FIRST IMPRESIONS ARE ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE TO CHANGE , we undertand that because is very important for everyone is this world, and sure we are agree with the statement and we want knowledge to you how we expresed.

its very important remember sometimes is very hard forget the firs espresion because is one of the things what make to you in the life , like marked in your hart , and we know that is not easy for each person , example; when you was a little boy you almost haved 6 years old and you see a new toy like spiderman and your's parents really buy that new toy so you was very happy and you never gonna forget that day because was very especial for you and ,therefore; that make a big impresion to you and its almost imposibble to change.

the central idea in this statement is what how much impotant is the first impression what happend to you, because is very important how you feel in the inpression , you feel very especial when you do the thing what do you like. and they do that one when is really appropiate for you or whent is the rigth time for doing with the inttention enpressed to you.

The First Impression are almost impossible to change because ,we really know that is one thing what marked your life for complete and is impossible change that because, the firt time what you feel that is when you know how important make to you the impression.

this writing is very importan because, im let you know how we expressed the firts impression make to you and its impossible forget that day or special thing.

mi opinion in this statement is im empressed with this because that happend to me one time when i was very young , and that one make to me very happy and inpressed because it's feel so good , i never gonna forget that day, its marked in my hart for the rest on my life.

The conclusion is bring ideas to the peoples who's are disagree with the statemet , because they need see how important is the FIRTS IMPRESSION IN THE LIFE and is very hard forget that one. by that we are knowedge to you is very important know about that one . so we wanna give to you some ideas, examples; when your's parents buy to you the firts toy that's make to you very happy and impressed , or when you go by your first time to the beach you see a lot water you make impressed rigth . or your first day of school maybe not was very good but you never gonna forget how that was, you see now , how important is that one , we now that make to you a big impressed in you don't gonna forget, now you can undertand better the things , you can do a big expressed to other peoples how you change your opinion, and how important is for you life, do the best you can good luck.

This information is made for see how important is the statement called THE FIRST IMPRESSIONS ARE ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE TO CHANGE. therefore im agree with the statement because is really interstering in important for everyone in this world.

sincerely Generic_Name.