Some businesses and schools around the world have adopted a four-day of work week to conserve resorces and energy. Although some say that my school should not adopt a four-day of school week and should not extend two hours of school day to conserve resorces and energy because we dont use our resorces and energy in vain , actually my school should adopt a four-day school week and extend two school hours to conserve resorces and energy because we will have a better environment and we will administrate energy.

Those who believe that my school should not adopt a four-day of school week and should not extend two hours of school day to conserve resorces and energy have their reasons. One of the most disputed reason is that, our school does not use it resorces and energy in vain, beause we use energy and resorces to facilitate our studies and to have better opportunities to learn. And they also say that if we have a four-day school week wont make any change.

However, my school should adopt a four-day school week and extend two hours of school day because we will have a better environment. According to an article written in my county says that, "The used of resorces in my school has increased by 70%. Even more, it says that because the over abuse of resorces in our school the amount of trees cutted has enhace around our county and its harming our enviroment." That is giving a bad reputation to our school and county because our school does not recycle and reused our resorces .

Also, my school should adopt a four-day school week and extend two hours because we will administrate energy. The using of computers, smart borads, and all kinds of technological devices in our school have increased, do to the extraordinary amount of students our school possess. Our school has the biggest amount of students in all the county. So, do to the amount of students in our school the use of computers has increased. According to an save energy a webside, "80% of schools energy is used in computers and other technical divises." By having a four-day school week and extending two hours of school day will limited the used of computers and it will make our school better.

many people have say that my school should not adopt a four-day of school week and should not extend two hours of school day to conserve resorces and energy because we dont use our resorces and energy in vain. But as you can see adopting a four-day school week and extend two school hours to conserve resorces and energy will be benefial to our school and to our society.

Wouldn't you agree with that? What if that was happening at your house? wouldn't you put a limit to the use of energy at your house to make your bills go down? Think about it!!