Do you want your family members to be healthy?

The workplace i choose was the Hospital because i see people doing surgery on people and i would love to do it so i can see there organs that i never seen before . I would like to vist it so i can se the baby's , mental people , elderly people ,and other people .I would like to take care of the baby's cause i like to take good care of them and i like to go see them each time and they also cry alot but it is really fun . When your parent is sick and you are a doctor you know what to do right away .Sometimes people are so close to get a heart attack but when you are there you save there life alot . I like to work at places were i can take to people and i like it to cause when you have other jobs and people barely talk to you it is boring and at hospital you can go to other people's room and can say how was your day and talk with them and tell them how do they feel. That's why i want to work at the hospital to have fun with them take good care of them they would like me alot cause i used to be a person that tooked care of old people and i used to play with alot and made them to color with me . They also liked to play with me tag but i always ' said yes and they would be so happy and we only played for a little bit because they would get tired. I would like to write this to the manager/employee because i would like to be making everyone feel good and not sick anymore. I would like to be in the news saying that i saved lots of people's live and that i was making them have much more life and i would like to be a doctor that people would like to go to and i would want everyone to come to me or make a appointment if they are sick and i can cure it any day i want just with a hint of a tool that can help me .I would like to see the organs because lets say you havent seen a organ but you want to see it so bad. I that's why you should always choose to do surgery but sometimes' people faint cause they see the blood alot. some people would like to see other people's organs .thats' why i would like to become a doctor but sometimes some people don't want you to touch them cause sometimes they say you dont wash your hand . I would wash my hand's all the time and make them smell my hands so they can know that i washed them.

thats why always wash your hands.

That's a good choice cause you want to be healthy and always run never stop doing laps outside cause you would not be healthy just by staying inside eating all day . I would like to take good care of the people that are super sick cause it is nice to be a doctor you walk all around and see lots of people.