To see someone impression, that might be possible to chang. Because the majority of people might be mad when from somthing when we see them from the first time, I disagree with this statement because most people chang there impressions when they're in a spicific mood, Some might change after a proplem has been solved. Because when I was yonger from now my dad allways use too tell me

"too mach agreement kills a chat". Many peple chang thier imperssions after the first time we see them.

So I have a frined who allways chang her mood by any time, some times she would come to my house and knock on the door even if we were just argued about something, but when I saw her the first time when we met she was very nice and my parent invited her to my house and her first time her impression was very happy and intersted to see us and learen about our culture, so when I saw her the next day we were so happy that we met. and I told her my trip how we came to the US, she was so impress to know more about us, But some time she woluld change becaus of her parents and when she's sad she comes to my house and tell me how she has been and how her family is with her, and I was listen to her as she tells me every thing, But when some one come to our house and see's her like that they say that she's wired from how she acts, but her first imression was't like that, she changes with what impact throw her life, and we're a teens also, Every day my parents sees her they say that she's very talented because she has a very good voice and I use to be so happy to see her singing because she had a good voice, but her impreesion changed after I saw her how she reacts with others, and I use to get surprised of how she's diffeent with methen others, but now I found that people are like a door each person need a spacial key to open them and understand how they feel and think. To see people's impression, I have to look at them when they are in thier good time that will chang the ideas. and to affect especially forcibly or deeply to some one's mind when they see some one impressions for the first time.

I encorage everyone to change thier opinion about the first impression are almost impossible to change. Because the majority of people impression can chang etheir over time or by the area sourounding them, and figer out how make time to understand how it goes and how people thier features from influence by the socity around us and how I said can give the impress with your senserity follow people's impressions, and literally the word impression is the sence of feeling in how someones feeling from sirten situation.

Seeing the reality, Most humans have their way of reactions to react to every thing they can show or chang by somehow in their life, In this period of time no one like to listen to someone's story, Real people who shows their impressions by the area sourounding them it effects us as who we are and the time that we are in, So the place that we are often been can effect our impressions, The place that we been raised in can impact on our impression. People's reactions might chang after an accident happen to some one's in the past It can be a very big and huge chang for some one's reactions if we see them the next time or day. Places and moumints can be on of the reasons why people impressions are mostly can change by this way, This kind of things might be wired to be impossible. Emotions and there behavioral changes in some bodeis deppend on how they think by a word or emotinal apperance can be changed with their behavioras, and some might be in need so bad for somthing and that can also shows their impressions behavioral chang.

When I was in my country many people came to the area where we live there was so many that your mind can't relate to what we see and we all were very nice to them and we gave them many of the things that we have and as much we can, There was so many kids from them I use to be realy sad when I see them like that I refused to give every thing I can to them but some of them was vrery hungry and some are mean but I said to my self in my mind that their impreesion won't be like that if they weren't in need like that. So to see people impression we have to see thier past and what they been throw, Many of them change there mood, and some might change after a prolem has been solved.