introduction

The people who value selft-reliance should seek guidance from experts and authorities,

instead of taking their own decision about life's important matters. When we say experts we are talking about people that know alot more about the topic then us. We can compare this an a teacher and student.

The teachers they have graduated from what they know lets say science class. They have to do alot to become a teacher in that career. This is why I say that if we value self-reliance we need help from experts. that way we can subcess in life. However there is some decision that we can take by ourself. For example, we can choose if we want to drink alcohol, and smoke. for that type of decision we just have to think about who we are hurting too, and as we know it is ourself and nobody else. if we don't take about ourself and the decision thaty we make nobody will.

Reason 1

In my opinion self-reliance is really important in every single person life. When we talk about Self-reliance is about decision. There is times that we think we are right in every decision that we make. However, we have to know that no one is perfect as a human. So, there is times where we make bad choices. One good example could be when we are tenergers. at that age is when we need more help than anything because there is alot of things that can influenciate us really easy. At that time is when we need help from experts and what better experts then our parents. They want the best for us, so they will teach us what could be the best and what have to really matter is this life because they love us. I'm not talking and general because there are some parents that don't really care about what his son or her dauther are doing, but some of them do. Also, we can look for another type of experts who can be profesional and have a diploma in what they are experts in. So, it can be really helpful for us to subceed because they have been studying for years their career. Also, it can help us to make better decison trought life and make us a better person.

Reason 2

Bad decison can hurt ourself. decison is something that we all have to make one day. it could be good or bad decision or sometimes there are some decision that look good, but it could take us to do something bad. However ther are decison that cna hurt ourself and can take us to do something stupid in life. For example, a person want to nibest money to create a restaurant. At first it sound good because what we all think is that we only win in this type of business, but the reallity is that it could be like a challange for the person. some people don't take sometime to think about the consecuences of creating a restaurant. They don't think about the things that they have to pay out from the money that they are making of the restaurant. They don't think about that they can lose all their money if the restaurant doesn't work. When it happens that people lose all their money they can get depress, and some of them have even take their life. So, here is when we need the help from experts and not take the decison of creating the restaurant by ourself. Those people that we call experts know alot more then us because they have graduated from it. They know everyhting about business and what could be best for us. So, we can subcess in business life and don't lose money.

counterclima.

Someone would argue that making decison by ourself is better because that way we won't have to blame on anybody if we make bad decision. Also, we can learn how to be responsable in the decison that we make. Howevere, we don't need to wait untill that happen better look for experts, so they can help us to make good decision and not bad decision two heads are better ten one.

conclusion

In conclution the help from experts is the best way to do the things. They can teach us how to be better and thats why they have been created in this world to look for them and ask for help. sometimes we need to acept that we can do it by ourself and thet we need help from experts or our patrents. We have to look for different sources to subcess in life. In some points we have to be strong but to take any decision we need to be social, what I mean by it is to ask for help and make good decision.