- Is it a good idea for students to finish high school in three years?

In my opinion it is not a good idea because the normal time to be in school and the normal and traditional years to spend in high school is four years. Graduating early is not a bad idea but neither is a good idea, why? because some students need to learn more before graduating. In school you just dont learn math or English, for example you also learn:

How to save up money for a better future

How to have a better behavior

You learn how to spell some stuff correctly

How to write essays

There is a lot that you must know before graduating. Most of these stuff you learn in high school, and yes it might be a possibility that you can just learn all of that in three years by doing extra tests maybe staying after school, extra work, and not having any elective classes. Most of the teenagers would love to graduate a year early but doing all that stuff its a lot of stress, maybe instead of enjoying the weekends with your friends or family you just stay home finishing work from school. Some teenagers also have a job after school and doing extra work not spending time with your family nor friends can stress you a lot take a lot of time and yeah it could be worth it but what if you dont pass any of those classes or you do but graduate without even knowing whats the difference between a debit card and a credit card. In my opinion graduating early should not even be allowed because for example i have this one friend that is doing that and taking extra classes, she doesnt have any elective classes, on the weekends she doesnt go out nor spends time with her family, every time i see her instead of seeing her happy i see her stressed and tired, because she works and comes to school but shes most likely graduating this year and that something that you should be proud of, thats something that is going to help you a lot in a future and you can also start saving up money earlier than you thought, but in a future when you look back and remember your high school moments you wont have cute or fun moments to remember all you will remember is ow hard you used to work to get there and how many times you missed maybe a family dinner or a family reunion or a friends sleepover. Graduating early is actually good because you can have a better future but graduating early wont let you enjoy your life right now that we are young. Honestly i thought about graduating early one time and i told one of my friends and all he said was " If you know you wont regret it in a future go ahead" that got to my head a lot because this age that we are in now, is only once there wont be no other chance to go back and be 17 years old again, and to enjoy your parents and the time that you have with them right now. Basically my option is no, it is not a good idea to graduate early.