Technalogy is the line that get the world people's in the cirlce, and create a group that make cummunication oaver cyber way by saving their time also best way of connection between people it make it really easy to people who are far away from each other by taking seconds to contact them. Using new technalogy is fun like video game's that is the famous creation of new technalogy.

Technalogy doesn't create limition of connection between people, because it help people to create new connection over best cumunicting sites, fastest way of connection between humans that are far located from each other, also less cost of contact between people.

Technalogy was the solution for the less connection between human that been misconstrue by minorityof people those are who never used the way should be used. secientestes people who find out after alots of research that technalogy is the best way to persuad people connect with each other. Technalogy created for one purpose to make easy life for humans, and create a great cumuniction way through the world that connected with each other.

Technalogy planned, designed to make the fastest way between human's by not taking longer time it make so easy people doesn't needed any more to go to our relatives place to cumnicate with them know it totally changed by cellphone the new technalogy. One of the most amizing creation of technalogy is news that people around the world get know about every knew stuff.

Technalogy beside saving time it also cost less to connect with each other it make it so easy to people who are willing to contact other's over fastest connection, and less cost .

Using new technalogy is fun like video game's that is the famous creation of new technalogy. It designed for different ages by different version, and level. Also now days technalogy is the most biggest part of humans life our life almost run with technalogy in every part. but still some people think's that it's not helpful to have the advance system of technalogy.

Minority of people misconstrue about technalogy because they never used the advance technalogy or they might be used it but they never realize because at some points there are some how people should be aware of how to should use it, and it all need knowledge that some people doesn't have that so it's really hard for them to use it.

Technalogy might be useful to comunicate with people but sometimes it's hard for those group of people that doesn't have the knowledge how to use it, get benfite from it. So everything comes back to the circle that people connected with it but this circle also need to have knowledge of writing, reading, lessning that all include a great system of eduction. So eduction help to learn about know technalogy, and technalogy helps to make life easier also connected with other easily.        