It has been that fisrt impressions are almost impossible to change on your experiences. I agree with this statament for several reasons. I have many experiences,but some are impossible to change. When I came to this country and when I travel with my sister and my friends to Generic_City and my first day in the School.

First, when I came to this country. This is my first impression impossible to change. When I was in my country I was happy to came to this country to look my parents and sibling. I leave of my country in October 25, 2015. I was in Guatemala for 15 day. I feeling sad, because I don't know who are the other people came in the group. After I was in Mexico for others 10 days. I not eat anything, because I don't liked the food that they gived me, also i was for anothers days in a place called Matamoros is close to the river that with to cross to came to this country. After to cross the river a men of imigration take me to the imigration office and he start to call to my parents to ask about my imformation. I was happy to speak to my parents. My parents pay a ticket to travel to here. I cray of the emotion to see my parents after a few years.

Second, I went to Generic_City with my sister and my friends. This is my second experience tha is impossible to change. I was happy to share time with my friends and my sister in Generic_City. We wented to Time Squared. We take many pictures infront of the tower. After we walked to the red stairs we sit there to look anything and we continued walked to go to the anothers beautiful places that the City has.

Finally, my first impression in my first day in the School. I was happy to go to the School. I feeling sad, because when the teacher start to explain something in English i don't know what she said and I ask to my friends that they speak Spanish they start to explain me what the teacher explain in English. Every day in Schood I learned somenthing different and I feeling happy. Every day when I came to the house after School I speak in English with my lilttle brother than he born here. He teach me English sometimes.

In conclusion, this are my three impressions that impossible to change in my own experiences. I believe that the experiences that we has in the life are only that never past again is only one time.