Most employers are looking for specific characteristics in a potential employee. The employers look for people's responsible, and make a good job. Most time the employee do not have experience, and many time the employers look those. Many people look for a job without have experience for a better life, and learning new stuff. In lots places taking decision for giving job for people's do not have experience.

First, most of people do not have to study by cause not working, by do not have experience, and do not can pay the study. The employers can giving news opportunities of working for people's have a better life, and future. Anyhow, the employee doing a hard-working, and the employers be glad. When the employee doing a hard-working is for news opportunities.

Second, nevertheless when you are responsible may-be your employers giving a raise. To be a good employee help always for letter of recommend about your ability. Also more people have the requisite by working; although needing experience but can learned. A job can teach the people's a lot things. For example, responsibility, respect, and more manners. The manners is very important in your potential, and your characteristics is important too, because the employers evaluate this.

Some may say, which people's do not have experience can not working, because thinking this persons have a bad conduct. Most employers think which the employee do not following the rules, and doing a bad job. When the employers misjudge a people's because not have experience this remove the opportunities; but the reality is everyone learning, and have the privilege of working. The people want learning about the job for more experience, and a better future.

In conclusion, many people need a opportunities, and show off the potential. I'am a good candidate for working, because I have manners and learning fast. The reality is which work help me for my future,and giving more experience. In fact all word need the opportunities for working, and general a good future. 