My enjoyable educational activity is P.E

P.e is my favorite educational activity because i mostly enjoy it. Because all my friends are in that class. The most thing i do in that class is play basketball which i am trash at it but i still play with the boys and i enjoy the time .Another thing i like to do is soccer because its playful and playing with friends is more better. Because it helps you with teamwork,speed and skill.

Soccer is my favorite sport because when I was little I would always see all the games. And i would enjoy it because soccer is my family favorite thing to do when we are bored and its nice outside we would play like two hours and before we play soccer we would have steak and enjoy the temperature. And after the steak we would play soccer with my uncle and some of my dad's friends and we would play soccer until we would get very tired.

So back to p. e some people think that p. e is boring but i think that it is fun because thats when most of the time i play with my friends and i would enjoy it mostly because thats like the only time we would be free a and out of school work and play with my friends. But the other thing is that when we are at p. e people don't like it because some of them are tired and some of them are just bored at p. e i don't really get it but they just think that it is so boring or their tired of doing anything.

P.e and soccer are technaclily the same thing because they could run around and they could enjoy their time with some friends but like i tell you that there's people that doesn't like doing p. e. So i don't know what people say about it but i enjoy p. e because its enjoyable to do it to not the test but the activity's they have.

And soccer to they have lots of training to do but the rule is to have fun and play nice for you can enjoy the people and the coach. so if you or any one else is bored than try doing soccer for you can not be that bored anymore so just be playful a and play right for you can not be that bored at anything anymore so just try it one day and i highly recommend you that you will like playing soccer

But like i tell you if you are that lazy that you can't even do anything then you have to try one thing. Because you have to try something because you can't live a life that you can't even do anything you have to at least try to do something in your life so yeah thats all i have to tell you so play something right not bad. Just try to play soccer don't be that lazy and do it.