How you can have a good relation ship with your dog?

You need to have a good relationship with your dog because, when you get a new dog and your dog need to take him/her out and you do not know that you soppust to do that the dog will do not like you at all, like here's I am gonna give you some exampls for what you should do for your dog to not hate you, the dog need to feed him/her a food every day, cold water in the summer to not be hot, a normal water in the winter need him/her to go out to walk or poop out side,the dog need to have you be with them all the time, he/she need to feel that you like them, give them food, water, play with them every day, take them outside when you hang out with you family, friends, etc..... .

The dog only thinking about you and the food and how he/she can save you from anything dangerous like, when someone come and stell something from your house and you sleeping, the dog will pits him/her in them legs, and the dog try to wake you up with his/her "wror" the the dog make, sometimes the dog need to have a comfy space so he/she come and set behind your legs and sleep, but when your dog wake up he/she get bored so they trying to wake you up by liking your face or your toes, a lot of people love dogs so they buy it for a lot of money because some dogs are no really avalable in some places so it's hard to find theis dogs, and they still cost a lot of money, dogs can alive like 11 years to 15-20 maybe if your dog not that long with you you not gonna be sad at him/her if they but if they at least 2-3 yeas with you you really gonna miss them and if you died your dog will cry on you because I tried that before when my grandma died my dog was not even eating or drinking water or palying she was just seting and crying, and I was having two dogs they was brother and sister, so they was playing together everyday but one day the her brother was died i was really sad and crying and she was not even eating or drinking like when my grandma die, she was really sad for a long time and then I give it to my uncle house he was have a dog and a cat, she started to play with them and having fun so she happy right now bwcause she forget her brother and found a dog and a cat to play with them.

The dogs like to live in a big house and a big backyard to play in, and they need to live in an organize place. You need to a vet to check your dog every month at least, maybe they have alergece for something or they need to take a shock for something in them body. The vet for your dog gonna tell you what you suppost to feed him/her and what you not soppust to give him/her. And what time you should go to the doctor to see or check at your dog. Dogs like to live with a family not one person because they like to set with them and if they have a childern they really like to play with a baby or children because the childern have a lot of power to run, play, to anything and the dogs have a lot of power, enrgy to run, to play, and etc.... . The dog need to take a shower at least 2-3 times at week, when the dog get out from the bathroom and she/he wet you should put planket on them to not get cold and sick, and you need to brush them hair and dry it with a hot air to not get cold, the important thing that you need to clean his/her eyes everyday in the morning because they will have something in them eyes because they sleeping like humans when they wake up they wash them face because it's not cleand and brush them teath. The dogs do not like to get wet a lot so do not get him/her out when it's raining outside. but you an put him/her in your car and go shoping with them. Sometimes people leave them dogs in the car because they not alawed to go in resturant so they leave them in the car, dogs feels that they lonly and they waiting for you to come back really bad.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               