Did you know that staying active is the path to accomplish our goals? Staying active not only hepls us with our goal, but with health too. To achieve our dreams we have to keep fighting and take the long run. Our knowledge is gather by all the activities we have than since we were only childs. In my opinion, 1. we can accomplish more if we stay active,

2. Activities helps us gain knowledge and expiriences, 3. We build self-steam and confidence in ourselves.

First, we can discover and implement more if we can stay active. For example, we have a higher rate of winning if we are pertinacious. In the other hand, its wonderful to enjoy the world and whats around us. To sum up, descovering new places and getting involve are the most important moments in life. Having an active life can help us in the future.

Second, Activity help us gain knowledge and experiences. such as, growth of our brain and skills. It keep us healthy and stronger. For instance, performing new activities hepls us have an inquiring mind. If we are always doing something that will become a habit and it will make as a more mature, inteligent person. If we are always doing our objectives will be stronger.

Third, we build self-steam and confidence in ourselves. For example, our character grows and develop in a stronger and confident personallity. Our rate of achivement will be higher. Moreover, we stay strong as a person. To keep on doing you have to get out there and give everything you have. To conclude, doing will always have a purpose.

In conclution, we can accomplish more by doing. Activities play an important role on our daily life. Winning in any type of sport or at work makes us feel positive about ourselves. Our determinations have to be very complex. Being part of a team and have interaction with other people can be very supporting.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              