In my oppinion people should seek guidance from expercts and authorities about life's important matter instead of making thier own desisions. A few people may not agree, but I personally strongly agree with my oppinion is very important. I belive asking and sharing our ideas lead us to making better desisions. Here are three reasons why seeking guidence from expercts and authorities is better than making desitions on your own.

In addition, confusion is one of of the most common reasons why people end up making bad desistion. A lot of people might not know what it is going on or how to make a good desicion because it is probably their first time going through a situation they have never been in. I was not in a position to make my own desistions, because I was young and confused on what was going well untill I asked someone for help,but when I started making my own desitionsions

Also, it leads you to do better when you communticate with others and gives you a better understanding on why making your desision with others helps you out more. When I began to speak out about my desisions to my closest friends and they helped me make me feel that I was not going through it alone and they always made sure that the desision I understand the desision I was taking before even making my next move. It honestly helped me a lot.

Furthermore, it makes your life less stressful. You talked about what you were stressing about instead of bottling It all up. It is like some stress relive. For exapmple, you have a big heavey backpack full with books inside and when you get some out the way, you take some books out , and the backpack feels less heavy. I would feel relive on talking about what was stressing me out when I had to make a desision, because it is hard.

In conclusion, Not only do you make a desision but you uderstand, you communicate, and you feel relived about your desision. In the end of the day you would feel not only good about your desision but sure about yourself and the people around you. These were the three reasons on why you talking to experts and ahorities about life is important.                      