To conserve energy and resources, some businesses have adopted a four-day work week, with each day consisting of ten hours. Should your school follow this model by extending the school day two hours. I do not agree, with this model by extending the school day two hours. I Think my school should not follow this model by extending the school day two hours, because two more hours of school will be very streful for students and students will not have the enought time to do their homeworks after school. On the other hand this would be a big problem for schools.

In first place, I think this will be a big disadvantage for studets who have others responsiblity to do after school. For example, I have a job after school and I need to be there at four oclock, but if my school follow this model I wouldn't keep my job, because school will finish two ahours late and it will be very late for me to go to work. This show, that if school follow this model this really will affect me and not only me- but also other students who, also have to work after school.

Second, two more ahurs of school will be very streful for students, because classes will be longers than what they usually are, so students will get tired and they will not concentrate in what the teacher is saying. Also students will not have the enought time to do their homework after school, becuase they will get very late and tired at home and they will not feel like to do their homework, knowing that they need to rest for the next day of school. With this in mind, students, also will be affecting with their grades, for the reason that they will not turn in their homeworks.

Some say, if schools follow this model by extending the school day two hours, would be a big problem for students attendance because students will not show up to every single day of school, for the reason that they will be tired from the day before of school. Therefore follow this model would not be a good idea to deal with, because attendance is something very important that schools require to students can pass their school year.

In the final analysis, this rutine will not be easy for students to face, even know that there is going to be only for day of school, for me this still not a good idea to agree with. As a student that I am this would affect me in my daily rutine. Students will be very streful and tired during class. This would affect the students attendence which, also will affect their grades.  