why shoult be don't try somthing else new in my life? If you have already mastered, you will never grow in life. Although, I am totaly agree with Ralph Waldo Emerson that what him wrote, but somepeople are conform in yours life with they know and have. I agree because I can learn everyday new things in my life also

I can help others how to do something different if I can do that very well.

learn and help that things make my self very proud and don't feel me comform with

I have.

firts is all, I can try and learn to do something different in my life, how I can learn new things. For me it's very importan to learn something differerent everyday in my life. for example. If I am cashear in my job and don't have any idea how to charge some extra price in one orden thefood, I need to ask my manager how I can do. Another example. If I can't to resol some problem in mathematic, I need to learn how I can resol that problem for after will be easy to me how to resol that problem, and that why is very importam to learn everyday somethig different or new in life.

secod is all, in life very important to learn and try to help others because not body kwon when will be need help. I like to learn and try to help others how to do something new for them. for example, if I know how to ride bicycle, and one person aks me you can ride bicycle and that person need help to learn how to ride bicycle, of corse I can teacher how to ride bicycle or somebody want to know how to use computer I can teacher that and aditional help others that I learned make me feel every good in life.

In conclusion, learn everyday in life is importan and don't stop to do something different also are importan, that why Ilike to learning something new in my life and them help others how to do the I know and learned, that why Iam totaly agree with Ralph Waldo Emerson. Nobody can't stop to learn except that person like be conform in life and don't like to grow in your own life. I don't like to be conform I like to learn something everyday and help others that my self wil be proud. everybody for reason of life need to learn somenting and help others.