I have the idea that our school should adoptep this model that consist in extending the school day two hours. This model come from a system of some businesses have adopted to conserve energy and resources, this model can help student get more involvev in their apprenticesship and school's activities.

This idea can help stueden but it have disadvantages is well, because there will be some students that will take a lot of time to be in the habit because they were accustomed to the normal school day. Also some students have to work after school, this meas if they stay at the school more time, it will less time that they will have to make work's hours, but this dosen't affect them to much, because they will attend to the school only four day in a week. This is graet because they will have a long weeked to make their tasks and work and help their parents at home with the home's jod. One reasons why our school should follow this model is the creations of new classes like: workshop , drama, and stodios of art . Student can be involvev in every kind of activity to spend their time in something that will help them in their future. Everyone can join up to any program at the school like ORTC this is a great program for some student that are thinking about join up to some militar's branchs, as we know the military can give you many benefits really good, with this program they will get a rich knowledge about it.

Many peoples will disagree with this new model of extending the school day two hours because some of them dosen't like the school already. Also some parents can be disagree because they think that the students doesn't need that much time at the school that's why the school should make a specific schedule, addding more breaks and activities and then, they will realize that this model of extending the school day two hour will be good, and then student will take advantage of time that they will have to learn more.

In example we have a groups of society as we know like some businesses have adopted a four day work week, with each day consisting of ten hours to conserve energy and resources. That way the worker have a extra day that can be spend with another work and they are available to have a second jod. This can help them get a better financial life or take that extra time to esped it with their families. In conclusion there are many reason and caress why our school should adopted this model of expending the school day two hours more .                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            