For feeling better in our whole life, of curse we have to do someting else, like to do great, wounderful, and something different. when you want to do enything different you have to be perseverant,and also you have to do responble. For exemple, to be yourself in a world you should be constantly and work hard to feel better in everything. You can try someting new like learng art, or to be volunteer, or you can do exercise.

One reason, to be yourself you should to learn something new like about art. I believe, is a good idea to try enything else, to feeling greates. Because when you try to learng enything different you always to be feeling better. For exemple, if you learng about art,

you can peinted beautiful pintures, and buy to many pictures. Also,

you can to became a famous person araound the world, but for accomplishment this goal you have to be perseverant.

another exemple, to be yourself in a world you should to give enything else. like to be volunteer, in to many places a round the world most people need help. For exemple, schools need people to help with the students. sometimes teachers, and studets have a fild treat, and schools need volunteer to help with students.

For to go to the zoo, and learn about animals they can learng about the biger Giant panda, or about elephants. Also sometimes students and teaches, have a fild treat,

to Washintown. to learng about the presidents, as a president Gorge Washintown. Student can learng about Gorge Washintown, who was the firts president at the United States. Asls they can learng about Mrs. Lucker's

King, he was a great person, And he help to many people. You can feel better to help to others people who need you.

In addition, to be yourself in the world you should to be different, and do enything than you like

As exercise. I agree with Author Emerson. You have to trying to do different things,

to have greates accomplishment, you have to be perseverant. Like to go to the gyn, and do exercise everyday. exercise ca be fun, you can do exercise outside like run, dancing, or just walking. If you want to be heathy, and have a loger life you have to be constantly, responsable, and try to do something else, as to eat healthy like to eat vegetables, fruit and druiking more water.

In conclusion, if you want to be yourself around the world you always should to trying to make differents things .Also for have greates succeful in your life, you have to be perseverant in everything you do. For exemple, if want to learng about art, or trying to be volunteer, and do exercise. Just have to be constantly. Do you think we have to be responsable?