Dear, Local hospital manager

I would love to visit your hospital because i can imagine my self walking through those doors, smelling medicine and noticing the sound of machines, seeing surgents running and rushing towards the surgery room, soon to save a human's life.

I wanna visit your hospital because i think its pretty cool and brave what you guys do. One reason why i would love to visit your hospital would be because i think that the hospital is a very cool place, surgents get the feeling when they save someones life and they get to use some cool machines that they probably havent used until they started to working in the hospital and they get to open up people and see the inside of a person's body. One other reason why i think it's pretty cool, is that there is three different type's of doctors, the first kind of doctor would be an Intern, which is a doctor that just started there first year as one and that is learning to be the best, another kind is a mid tern resident, which is the second to highest level, one last kind of doctor is the highest which is a resident,i think its smart that you guys have that because i think it keeps everything organized and it keeps every doctor in order. One example why i want to visit the hospital is that i want to make people that they are in good hands, that they are going to be safe, also i wanna become one of the best surgents out there, most of all i just wanna help and save lives, i think its cool that surgents get to use machines and other tools to open up people that need medical help. When i was smaller i would have to take care of my sister because my mom would be busy going to work, one day my sister got cut when she was playing outside she was bleeding a lot that i grabbed some paper and rolled it around her leg and then called my mom because it seem so deep, ever since that day i wanted to be a surgent because i didnt feel disgusted by the blood and stuff, i thought it was pretty cool that i cured her leg, and stopped it bleeding.

I wanna have the opportunity to visit your hospital because i wanna save peoples lives when i grow up and have that desperate feeling when you save someones life. One reason why i want to have that feeling is because, i just wanna save peoples life and make them better, even though it might get exhausted its gonna be worth it because at the end of the day i think of how i saved someone's life. Another reason is because i wanna see how the hospital works and how every gets in managed, i want to learn if there is anymore different kind of doctors for example, there is cardio heart surgery, plastic surgery and more, i wanna be a surgent when i grow up because i wanna save peoples lives, i feel like there is so much good around the world that i wanna do good when i grow up. One example is that, me being a surgent would be a good idea because i can learn and help people that are struggling in life,i wouldnt just get to help people lives inside the building, i would get to save someones life outdoor of the building too because if something happens to someone then i can help them, if i become a surgent then im gonna work hard and learn about medicine to be the best and help anyone that comes through those doors. I wanna become into a doctor/surgent because i just started watching this show and its very interesting because its about doctors saving other peoples lives and how they struggle and how that connects with there life because they feel like they haven't been spending time with there friends or there family because they just have been busy of work and i feel like ive been learning on how i can not struggle in life if i do work as a surgent.

I wanna visit the hospital because when i grow up i wanna become into a surgent and learn about all the medicine out there. One reason why you should let us visit the hospital would be because i wanna get the opportunity to feel to be a surgent one day and learn about everything. Another reason why you should let us visit is because if some kids are interested into becoming into a surgent then they can think of taking a medicine class in high school and learn about it more so they can prepare them self if they become into a doctor or surgent, being a surgent isnt just about opening people up and sowing them and saving peoples lives, its about learning and learning because every time you do something you have never done before in your life, you have just learned something and by getting the opportunity of just going to see the hospital and seeing how it works, i just have learned something new even though i didnt do anything other than watching. One example why you should let us visit is because we would be learning something new and getting to feel how everything works around the hospital if we were to work as a surgent or doctor. I mostly wanna become into a doctor because i think its cool how doctors are brave and work and how good they are at there jobs, mostly its cool because they learn something new everyday and at the end of the day they have saved a lot of peoples lives or changed peoples lives.

A local company i would love to visit is the hospital because i feel like the hospital is very cool, the feeling of saving someones life is incredible, and you get to learn everything about medicine/medical stuff. I think working at a hospital is a gift because you get to learn and everything and save peoples lives and most of all you learn.

I hope you consider thinking of letting my school visiting the hospital.

sincerely, Generic_Name  