I do not agree with studying the business i want to do in high school. i will not be fully mature . i will not not have good experience . even if thats the job i want to do when i grow up i still wouldn't want to go to school just for that specific reason to start a business right after that . i understand that some people would love to do that . but i really do not think it's the right idea.

many people would of take that opportunity but i wouldn't because sometime not what you want in life is good for you. i personally do not think it will be the right idea . i want to go to high school to learn about new things. learn about new carrer . i do not want to want to go to high school just to learn about a specific carrer job . i will not have much experience . i will get bored but doing the same thing over and over . some people do love doing that but i think its going to be a waste of my time. what if by the time i graduate high school and get tired of it and i want to change it . i dont think itsw will be fun or good for me . but i will have to start every all over just because of that . you are going to miss all the opportunity you had in high school .

you going to have to go pay for collgue to restart again . its going to be very stressfull for people .

I really want everybody to think very well before trying to start a business or try to go to school just to learn a specific job carrer . people should go to school and learn diffrent things and then choose after what they like over the time. they parent should allow them to do that because i do not thimg it's good at . many things could happen nobody will know about. they should also have more experience borfre trying to have businnes in high school . they aslo should have the compassion of it . if that's what they really want they schould let them do it . but i still think its worng . there are young they do not know what they are doing . whhat is his/her business do not work what are they going to ? they should be in high school to lear new thing not to do same thing over and over . 