Do you think, graduation in three years of high school is enough to make a brilliant future? Some students say, early graduation bring a successfully life in the future. High school students are graduating in three years because open more opportunity of life ,knowing the new world of college works,beneficial being a young student .

first,

open more opportunity. for example the journal life of my older brother Generic_Name it is easy. He finish high school early in three years, bring it to him advantages to be successfully life for get a job a early age, he also got offers for different colleges ,the Harvard University send to him a letter for being a youngest students to finishing the school early, the day , I remember exactly we were sitting on the table eating the breakfast, my brother was brought a letter in his hand and crying at the same time, we did not realize, the most grateful new getting a free scholarship to attend at Harvard University so my brother Generic_Name was in shock. This explain getting early high school diploma bring a lot of opportunities.

second, knowing the new world of college. for example. Generic_Name my oldest brother is attending the most prestigious university of the world Harvard university. He talked to me a few details about the roll day at university, he says the University its not hard, to being at early student attending a university with just three years of finish high school. He, say the university feels other home with news experiences to discover it. This explain University with early graduation in school it's not a problem.

Third, beneficial being a young student graduated from high school. For example my dear brother Generic_Name. I'm super proud of him to taking major responsibilities in young age, he just took three years of high school and get done it. he called to my mom the day, when he notice the program to graduated early in school , my beautiful mom told him that is a good way to set up early his future and would be able to star a enrollment in university. The university believe students must be a genious to finishing high school early, University offer extra credits for being a young student. This explain young students graduated early are considered as smart person.

Three years of high school to achieve it the most dreaming diploma.

High school in three years, people belief students enough mature or full of knoledge to throught a real life but Graduating in three years of high school brought us brilliants benefits for the future.

New generation would be involved a system, where students finish their high school early to get good opportunitties in their lifes.                        