Extending each school day

I totally disagree with extending each school day, because kids wouldn't have enough time do other activities, kids need a distracion away from school, they need to put their minds in something other than just school. Kids, parents, and teacher have other things to do, they all have plans and will get in the way of that.

One of the reasons why i disagree with extanding the school day is that kids will not have enough time to do other activities, for example after school programs, clubs, and practice. If the school board adds another hour kids will get so caught up on homework that will not have enough time to other activities

Kids need a distraction from school, although school is really important, kids needs to distract their minds away from everything in school, like test, wetheater or not they failing, drama, all the stress schools brings sometimes. They just a rest from everything, they need a "stress free" time. Kids needs time for themselfs, time to do something that's not always school.

Kids, parents, and teachers do other acitivites after school, for example kids go to football practice right after school or pian lessons, they might not be able to go. They can have doctors appointment,

since some kids get appointments late in day so they won't miss a day in school. Parents needs to go places with their kids at a specifc time, and if they come late and kids will be too tired to go with them. Teachers got palns, they need to do stuff after school, maybe their kids has a game, or they need to go to their kids rehersal and if school board extends a day, teacher would not be able to go because they are working, maybe some teachers studies after work, or they do homework if they in collage. Adding one more hour to school can ruin everyone's schudule.

In conclusion extending each school day can be a big change with time for everyone. Kids needs time for themself, they need distraction away from school and the time it's left for them to have a free time it might be nothing since they will be in school and then do homwork. Everything doesn't always have to be just about school. 