Most student enjoy summer vacations, but some educators believe that summer break is too long and that students do not retain information easily. Educators argue that there should be a year-around school, where there would be a 3-4 week off in the spring and fall. But as a student, my position is the opposite of what some educators believe. If our summer keeps as all this past years we can do so many things. When our summer vacations arrive is when all students fell free and out of pression of passing the course year. Summer vacations also open different doors in our life, students chooises are vacations and traveling, others prefer to work, gain money and experience for our future. If summer vacations will be shorter not many students could handdle school, beaks in summer, longer winter break and summer would not have the same impact as summer vactions. It can sound exagerate but that wouldn't be much time to us for do our sumer change.

First of all, In my own experience I like when summer is coming because I know that new experience are waiting for me, but also I like summer vacations because all the "suffer" of final examns and the S.O.L are over once again, and I think passing your goals during the years always deserves and award, in this case, Summer vacations. What educators don't see about summer is that gives us an opportnity to be more responsable; many students like me decide to start working. Working has made me a more responsable man, has teach me how reality is, and that money is not an easy thing, and the easier way I can make money is study. Summer is one of the greates time for students, many students go to new places, to visit old family menbers and pass time whit them. Summer last year gived me the chance to go back to my countrie, I couln't do it during winter or spring because I have to study, and the time educators think is the best for us would't provide the same amount of aventures.

More over, When winter break is coming we all happy but it feels too short, adding a few days wouldn't make it so different, plus your adding the same amount of days in four seasons, time for us will pass flying. I also think that many of us would fell like school is never going to end, I would be so stress out that my preformence during the school could be decreasing more and more. Last time I looked an article were they showed a chart, out of 100 student 80 said that they prefere summer vacations over having longers breaks during the year. After that they made an experiment, during a year they sow how was the performence in the students who's choices was summer vacation, and it got prooved that they were doing better because they were constanly going to school.

On the other hand, educators are not at all wrong, when I start againg the school year I some times don't remenber thing that I sow the year before. Also having so much vacations makes me miss school, been with my friends and learning new things. Educators may have a diferet opinion than I, and they can be the one's who are correct, they said that summer is too long because of their experience, and maybe they had learn less. Educators are people who know more than students because of their understanding in the power of learnig.

In conclusion, summer vacations is the best, and it never has to change the aumount of days that they give to us, is prefectly the days that we all need to refresh from school and things that happened over the year.

Summer bring us new experience and it teachs us things like reponsability, a very importat human thing that we all has to have. I beliebe that we things shouldn't change, people and cientificts had prooved that the best way of lerning is how we do it.