Prompt essay

People who value self-reliance define it as they need for each individual to follow his or her own instincts and ideas. Should people make their own decisions or should they seek guidance from experts and authorities about life's important matters?

People shouldnt make their own decisions,because they might do something and the need someone thats cam help then or else their going keep doing bad decisions and if they make bad decisions they can get in trouble,problems and etc.

Some pf the people think that they make the best decision but they might be wrong because they always choose the right one or the wrong one it depends on how good are you making choices not always their going to chooser the right one.

Just like how it happen to someone his told him that he could help him go to college but the kid didnt want to go to college as far I can see now he regret not going to college why? Because he made a bad decision his dad could help him but there was a problem he didnt want to go to college. Now he have to work 8 or 10 hours peer day and when he juts could go to college study a carrier that he likes but now his suffering why? Because he didnt make a good decisions. He should be working as a lawyer or Doctor.

There is some people that they dont believe in themselves then juts do whatever they think is good for then but it doesnt work that way they gotta make a decisions a good decisions if they are under 18 years old they have to ask their parents father or mother. they can help him.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      