Many people do not like to be a idle. In many states ,cities, and also country a lots of people like to work because many of them have responsibilities . If we are always doing something , Of course that we deserve more because we work for living , for pay taxes , and bills . People have different jobs , people who were young and get graduated and they went to university has a better jobs , they work in offices ,or like a doctors, nurses,lawyers,and many more. People who did not graduated for any reasons they don't have jobs like that others one . Its not bad to not get graduated many people do not get graduated , or not go to the university because maybe they did not have that money to pay that bills from the university . But anyways they also can get a great jobs .

Example, I have 2 old brothers one is 22 , and the second one is 27 they two have a different jobs , The oldest one he get graduated, and also he went to the university now he's a lawyer , he work 5 days of week , and he always told be that I have to be someone in this country (USA). My brother who is 22 and does not like school , does not like the university , and also do not like to work. So , who deserve more ? Of course that is my oldest bother because he's not a idle men .

Many people who doesn't work , They don't deserve nothing they are just a idle people. In many states , cities , and countries theres people who do not like to work they just do nothing all times . If they work they probability just work for couple of the month . How Tomas Jefferson said " Determine never be a idle "

People may think that persons who do not like to work are not good idea to be like a idle. Also many people may think that they maybe just don't have a huge responsibilities or they just their mothers giving then money for survey. And many people said that's really bad for keeping theirs sons that way .

In my opinion, Every people in the world is different , People we went to the university thats great because that way they can get a great jobs . And also people who did not go to the university, they also can get a greats jobs. and thats good , I think that people who do not work it just because maybe when they were young they parents did not teach them to be responsible. And now that they are adult they do not like to work , And that kind of people is always we they parents living in theirs houses.

In conclusion, Lets put in practice what Tomas Jefferson said " Determine never be a idle " Many people said lets do something with are life . We don't have to be idle .                  