Working in a group is more benificial . Why is more beneficial working in a group ? because if you have a group your group can help you in ideas , writing ,examples and information. If you working alone you do not have someone who can supor your idea.

The benefits what you have working in a group. The benefits are you can talk with your group abuth the work and also you can hask cuesthions and you can talk abuth examples and than they can toldyou how they can do the work and the group can suport your ideas.

Working alone do not have to moch benefits. The benefits are you can use ideas of your shelf the other is not one goin to disturb you and you can put your examples but that will be more dificult because you need to find the information and not one goin to suport your ideas.

For example working in a group in high school the english teacher say the students goin to do groups of four. For do a progect the students say yes, one of those students say i will colect the information, the other say i goin to writing the information and the other say i will put the examples of the progect and other say i will reading the progect and also i goin to do a expocition in class is more good because you will stay more relax because the group is help you.

For example working alone in class, the high school teacher say we goin to do groups because we have a progect but if you want work alone you can do it. the student say i like work alone because no one goin to disturb in my work the studen can put ideas of him shelf but you do not have some one to talk abauth the progect. and you will have nebous inclass you will be distracted and boring.

Why some people do not like to work in groups? the people do not like work in groups becase they have problems with the people in the group meybe he do not feel well in the group or he feel some nervous in the group or because some people lika work in silent.

Why the most people like to work in groups? that is because the people like work with friends, he feel well talking with the group, he like answer the cuestions of the group.