teenagers in this epoch just want to spend time on cellphones instead of help their brain maintain doing something different but been inactivity just absorb our time and we just want to spend hours on bed doing nothing people may try to always be busy maintain the brain distracted. We always accomplish more if we are always doing something because been inactive dont serve for any purpose.

It accomplish when we are doing something we maintain our brain busy and we make many things on the day instead of been doing nothing its helps us to develop and create different ability thats the reason why the teenagers after they work,for been busy the mayority of the teenagers get bored when the are at home doing nothing.

When people is doing nothing just been inantive they waste their time it doesnt helps them for any purpose doesnt give any beneficts to the brain. The teenagers in this epoch they should maintain busy and dont waste the time after school they may practice any sport or any instrument.

Other people think that been inactive its good because they thing they dedicate time to them selves girls taking care of skin and boys playing there games or been inactive is good because they can rest after school thats the view of point of others.

Determine never been idle always doing something this helps to find the abilities for every people,helps to grow in society because the body is active doing many things and teenagers doesnt have time for using the cellphones they waste time do it.

In this epoch is very important that people maintains doing something is very important is amazing how many things may be done if people are always doing. been busy helps the people for many things some guys after classes they practice soccer or they practice any instrument,and others helps in things at home helping cooking or cleaning. When you make things kind of things your brain and you maintains you busy and distracted of all.

Teenagers should take their time to make things helps them,they choose to stayed at home and be on bed all the citizen should determine not be idle always find to do something.

when our parents go to their work they been busy and give things we need and we dont care about that because is not our effort and sacrifice because we decide just to nothing be idle and stayed at home on bed. But when teenagers decides to work to be busy and always maintaining doing something they see how much is the sacrifice they have to make to have all the things they want,because they need to helps things at home.

for example,

If people stayed at home they are not going to be able to grow as a society.

There are many things we can make to always be busy and brain too

You get distracted of the time you spend on your cellphone and used your time on others things.

The people always are things to do as little they see but it helps us to be busy also helps us to share with others when we make different things to be busy our daily routine chance because every day we have others things to do.