Do you are agree or desagree school cafeteria plans to change to a new, healthier school lunch menu ?

The school cafeteria would to make a new plans healthier school lunch menu.

some students from Generic_School don't take their foods or drinks,property to healthy problems. For example: From 99.9% students a 10% of students present allergic problems to some foods, like chicken,milk and maiz. Also too the type cooked from this food. Some students want to their food middle well or meddle. The students today they're wants to express, the that their body's need to feelt a mayor comfortybility inside of the school, but to the sometime the students parents knowing the type of food that their children eating feelt them safed with their children.

The importance of have a healthy body. Many students don't want to eat more calories that their bady's to need the reason is simple,They thinking that will be people with obesity problems. It's true because from 99.9% students a 8% has obisity problems and a 15% has physiology problems,they feeling fraid. Why? Because existence three reason's that's why they want to change menu cafeteria. Example number 1: The foods came with many oil and some students don't like it, the type of foods with bad aspect. Example number 2:They want to foods that will be slowly for their stomach. Example number 3: They need to know, the process of how were cooked the food.

The focuse from the students in their class room. The good nutricion is the basis to a very good focuse to dependen in the shape, in that our food is made and the most important the menu, all students said we are bored of the same menu. We want to something new. Are 4 school year's into. We ate because, we don't have the opportunity to express and to change the menu. Our mood dependen in how our body felt and that dependen, how they cooked?, what proccess has our food? Those were the questions and the opnions from 40% of students. We want to something slow to digest, some students don't like it beff their body need to happy. to that they can focuse in their class. They want to legunbres, potatos, and salad.

The school cafeteria would to make a new plans healthier school lunch menu. Because some students don't take food or drink, properly to healthy problems,for example: From 99.9% of students a 10% of students,present allergic problems to some foods, like chicken,milk, and maiz. The type cooked from this food. Nevertheless students parents want to knowing the type of food their children eating to that them feelt safed with their children. Also too the importance of have a healthy body. Many students don't want to eat more calories that their body needs. The reason is because from 99.9% of students a 8% of has obesity problems and a 15% has physiology problems,they feeling fraid. Why? Because the food came with many oil and some students don't like it foods with bad aspect, they want to food that will be slowly for their stomach, they need to know, the proccess of how the food, where were was cooked. However the good nutrucion is the basis to a very good focuse to dependen in the shape, in that our food was made.

.