Yes. Having a positive attitude helps you alout to be a succesful person in life. It helps you to be a parent, coatch,teacher,and friend....ect

Positive atitude is one of the basic rules that all employees follow such as a waeter or cashier. They learned it to win the customer and to get the business seccessful. When i worked in Krespy Kreem my manager tought me something which is a way to win the customer with a positive attitude that i have to follow. the service called "the sweet" service this word stand for smile,welcome,entice,engage,and thank. Having a positive attitude help you to beacame a friend and close to people and people will alwys feel confortable to talk to you. But having a negative attitude will make poeple fell unsafe around you and you will be lonely and not welcomed to the most of people.

Having a positive attitude also help you to be a teacher because you will always motivate your students and provide for them education. The reason why students skip classes is because of the teacher's attitude. students prefer the teacher who give a friendly smile. Positive attitude helps me alout to be an successful athlet because my coach is always happy from the way i act and my leadership that i do infront of my teamates. It makes me a respectful person and trustful guy.

In fact attitude is the way the person present his/her personality. People with a negative attitude are mostly asocial and introverts.

In my opinion having a positive attitude helps you to be a parent because the childrens get scared from the person who's always angry and frustrated. that's why most of the parents hide thier nerves and they act nicely infront of the child. Couple relationship consider attitude because most of momen prefer the guy with a positive view and who's open for evryone. The best way to live your life and be polite all the time is to have a positive attitude most poeple respect the person who give a smile and greet them. One of the importance of good attitude is bieng a family member. My uncle is the type of person who communicate and discuss with evryone and the way he talk is likeable from evryone because his always friendly and welcomed from poeple.

Politicians with positive attitude are always persuasive because they use communication skills to convince the audience by telling thier speech. Attitude is a way to find a job because when the person get an enterview with a manger he has to answer the question kindly and with a respectful way. One of the reasons of bieng a good student is acting with a positive attitude infront of my classmate.

I agree that a positive attitude is the key to success in life becuase its the way to live with poeple and find a job and create a family. 