One of minister Winston Churchill most famous quotes is "success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm". Some people think that most people are consists on going with failure as a way that shows us that most people end up with failure again. They feel that it's true most people end up failing and end up doing the same process over and over again. I believe that most of the people should believe that success can be achieved only if you try but you will end up failing some of the times because first reason some people give up so easily and second reason they'll never give it their best some of the times and final reason is that people end up saying "it's too difficult".

First reason is that people most of the times end up giving up is because of the lack of things such as work or other sorts of jobs it could also be anything in life that people will give up on. It could be like saying it's a job and your been stressing out so much that you couldn't take it anymore so you decided to just call it quits, but for this problem people should always try there best and never let any other problems get into the way of their accomplishment, all ways stay positive and never lose on what you enjoy like giving up on it.

Second reason could be is that people don't ever try giving it their best it's always a been a problem cause some of the times people end up saying i'm not going to even try. you'll need to give it your best and try to give it all you got it could be on a test or it could also be on another problem in life by doing this you could achieve on being successful and end up doing great with no struggle or bad choices.

Final reason is that people end up saying that "it's to difficult" but by showing this people can make it difficult on themselves by not focusing or doing what your supposed to it can be in some situations where you have difficult times but in the end if you end up following direction or staying on task it could led to having a successful accomplishment.

As you have read that people should have any other way but to be always successful and always trying your best, you will end up failing but it's always good to never giving up. Only when will we ever end up failing that will always find a way to end up doing it correctly. On that day will we ever have to worry about failing.