Taking more then one persons oppenion is a good way to make your final call for example, ther was one time where I wanted two differant books but I only had eangh for one. I had to make a good disagon becouse if I did not then it would have been a wast of $15. one of the book was called Nialarmstrong it talked about the life of Nialarmstrong and the other was called Dog Man it talked about a dog that some how got transformed in to a human offecer cinda like capton americ exapet hes not a super solder. My conclogon is paople should take more then one oppeinon.

I dicided to take my frends Generic_Name oppenion he told me to " take Dog man it is so cool " but i feelt like there was something about the Nailarmstrong book. Its always fun learning about other peoples storys and what they did to get to where they are. I did not stop there I wanted anther oppenion so then I want and asked the libarn oppenion she told me " the nailarmstrong book sounds better to me but your choose to pick out the book that standes out the most to you" so then i took her edvide and the book that stoude out the most to me was Nailarmstrong. and let me tell you I had a lot of fun reading that book. I evan told my frinds about it and they where like "can I chick it out" if i sed no i would sound disrspactful so I said sure ill bring it tomorrow in lunch.

Taking more then one oppenion might be time consuming but trust me it will help you make a 90% better choose then if you would just run in blind and start makeing bad chooses. That is what all of the succesful peaple do inclouding the prastent, besniss men, loyers becoase if the make the wrong call they could posibly face some vary big concaconses and if you want to be succeful you will have to be vary careful and take as many oppenions as posoble.

Taking peoples oppeinons could be risky at times but a good tip is to take that risk. What i'm trying to say is takeing a risk is not always bat every thing happens for a reson at lest that is what my parants said. taking big riskes is a part of our lives every human being took a risk at lest ones in there lives sometimes you would not evan know that you took that risk but in realty you did for example im take a risk typing this ovesly the conscances are not that big but they still mater in life.

My oppenion is to watch out, becareful, and take the risk like I sad riskes dont alway tearn out bad. if you do lesson to every thing I said in this your oppenions to others would change a lot and what i mean by that is you will look at many thing in a differant precpactive, your disagon makeing would change lats say you take six peaples oppenions three of them said there favert coler was blue and the other three said green now this is when a risk comes in now you are going to chose a coler lats say you chose blue now the numbers have changed 4 blue and 3 green so blue won. these thing is are in you every day life so you have to becarful,take risks,and take other oppenions.                         