I feel that we should work in groups because its more beneficial and others might have a better idea then you about something. Working alone might be boring for some people and if that person does know that they are doing the groupe could hekp them.

The first reason why I think wokring in groups is more beneficial is because more than on brain think better. More then one person can help on what they are working on. They can help each other on what they need help on. Four people in a group can get things down faster then only one person. People in groups have less to do then one person because in a group everyone does something and being by yourself mean you have to do everything on your own. You also get more tired if your wokring alone and in a group your talking to one other and discusing what you are going to do.

Another reason why I think wokring in gourps is more beneficial is becuase you can learn something new from another person and if your working alone you only have what you know. In a group you come up with more ideas and support them if you think they are right or wrong. If you work alone you get stressed out and if you work in a group you know what you have to do and thata the rest of your group is doing, but if they need help you can help them out on what they need.

My thrid reasaon why I think working in a group is better is becuase you can support other people ideas and oppinions on what they think is better on the work. They can have a better idea then you do and might work better on the job. If you wokr alone you only have your ideas that you think are good but if you work in a group someone could have a better idea or oppinion.

I feel that we should work in groups because its more beneficial and others might have a better idea then you about something. Working alone might be boring for some people and if that person does know that they are doing the groupe could hekp them. People in groups have less to do then one person because in a group everyone does something and being by yourself mean you have to do everything on your own. 