Failure the Success of Life

Winston Churchill was a British Minister.

He was a writer famous for his phrase that he ussually used.

Once said that "Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm."

I belive, that failure is an important element that plays in the persuit of success, because the failure lead to succes, failure is unavoidable, learn from your mistakes, and the failures often leads to problems.

One reason is the success that consist of going from failure to failre without loss the enthusiasm.

Failure is unavaidable, the path of success is not a straight on.

Every people have to fails sometimes in the life, but that is part of the life.

For example sometimes, invest money in some bussiness, but we don't know if go to win a lot money, or lost all the money or just one part of money.

If for some reason we fails, doesn't matter, we need to try again, maybe that would be the success to have your company owner. Never say not, before try it.

Another reason, is to learn from your mistakes, if you make a mistakes at least you know, not to do it again.

A failure might put end thing idea or opportunity, but lead you others.

If you ready failure and you know what was the mistakes try to find a solution, and not come back with the same ideas, you need to learn for each mistakes.

For example, if I say something wrong, like English word, if somebody heard me and corrigir me, I try to not say that word again.

One more reason, failure often leads to problem, we need to solve our problems and getting throught difficul times makes you smarter and stronger as a person.

By dealing with your failures you will to be prepared and have most experienced in the future.

If you know that to fails before, so you are somebody with most experience in the life, you know that if you have a important roll in your work, that is why you to fails in some time, but you need always to continue ahead.

Everyone have differents kind of problems, but each problem have solution.

If for find solution is possible that we go to fails, just doing that, we need to solve each problem without doesn't matter what come ahead we always want the success.

In conclusion, failure can change who you are, and what path you're on the life.

To fails in our life is something that cannot to avoid, but we not wanted to be a failure always, we want to change and have success. Each mistakes is a success more in our life, I think that failure it plays an important role in the persuit for the success. We need to pass for differents path and in each one, we go to learn new things.

Mistakes only makes smartes, and working to solve problem only makes us strongen.