Ever since i started school i never liked the school lunch, i would always go the whole day without eating and I would'nt take a snack or anything so it could sustain in my stomach. Most kids at my school dont like the school lunch either, because they either think it tast wierd or just they are just picky about what they eat. Normally, when I would go almost a whole day with out eating my head would hurt or stomach and i know most teenagers in my school can relate also because they prefer to starve and not eat the food that the school serves. In my opinion. I believe that changing the schools lunch menu and making it healthier is a good idea because kids would enjoy the food, parents would not conplain about their kids not eating in schhol, and it would be a great advantage to improve the school lunch.

Most kids think that the school lunch is not very appetizing, but if the school cafeteria decides to change the school menu it would make a huge difference beacuse I know that most kids especially teenagers are very picky about their food or that it's disgusting. When I was younger I would'nt eat at school and until this day I don't because i didnt like and i would always have somach aches, and my head would hurt a lot, and i wasent able to concentrate in class. Most kids think that its not neccesary for the school cafeteria to change the menu but in reality most kids don't eat at school due the type of food they serve. Sometimes even the parents say something to their kids because they dont eat in school.

When i would go to middle school and the beginning of high school my parents would always wonder why I woud'nt eat at school, they got to a point where they thought i was depressed and i would always get yelled at because they thought something was wrong with me when in reality i just didnt like the school lunch. I understand why most kids dont like the school food because either it doesnt have flavor or it just doesnt taste the same as before, and also sometimes the food would make me feel sick from the stomach afterwards. Parents main concern is if their kids eat or not. I believe that by changing the menu it would would much better for parents to stop worrying about why their kids about why they dont like to eat at school. My parents especially my mom would barely have time to make me something, for example, she didnt have time to make me a snack or something real quick so I could have taken it to school when I was in elementary school, she would always tell me that she did'nt have time that she was always in a rush and thats why sometimes I would'nt eat. My mom almost went to put complain about the school food and that she wondered if I was the only one that would'nt eat in school.

I believe that if the school cafeteria has a advantage to change the school cafeteria food because they should think about why parents worry about their kids not eating and also parents putting complaint of why their chidfren don't eat at school. In my honest opinion i think that they should shange the menu because when I dont well or i dont eat at all it is hard for me to concentrate in class and that is a huge priority to pay attention in class and try to get good grades. If the school cafeteria plans to change the cafeteria food it would be really great because more kids will be able to concentrate. When i was in freshman an sophmore year I would always skip to go eat because I coud'nt eat the school food, i think that kids nowadays do the same thing just so they wont starve.

In my honest opinion i belive that changing the school food would be a great idea because most kids dont concentrate in class, parents worry about their kids, and also they it would make a great impact on the schhol.           