i say that we shoudn't have more hours of school , because it will just make us be more sterssed b working. we wil barly have free time to o what t do but more time time in school wil make us tired and weak we will need more food. it will cost the school more food and it wil cost more money and light to wast on teaching. Kids won't learn because they are going to say why did they put more school time and thats all they are going to say the the whole time. It will make it all more busy for the teachers they will get mad and say how they can't do that much hours they got kids they got thing to take care of.

The school will need to whas't more money on food and electicion bill just for one more hour of education and kids won't even learn alote because they will be to busy complaining and say that they want to go home. the school board will just was't money for no reason. school is doing good already so do not mess it up by an hour of school. The teacher will work more time ,so they will get paid more. So if u do put one more hour of school if a kid needs to stay after would they stay an other hour of school that would mean that the teacher would gets a bigger pay cheack and that would be alote of students so teachers would have to stay for ciuds to so that would be longer and by the time its done it will be dark.

The school will need more volnenters because they don't want to pay teachers more already because they already do because they have an other hour of school left so they will have to beg the teachers to volnter to to stay. School will need to think of more thing to do in the school to fill up the hour.

we will not want to go to school. we will be so tired and and to know that we have an other hour of school i would be done for the day. I would not feel like going to school every day because i would be more tired . it will give me less free time to us because we got sleep earlyer because we are tired.

we will get mad because we don't got free time alote and that would effect our school day. Kids will feel that school is to much work and might tell there parents and the parents might tell the school to lower it down. The school will will get complans form parents that there kid is stressing to much so that would be bad and school will have to cancil the one hour. Thats why i think it is a bad idea to put one more hour of school all of the people will disagree i would to because it will just make me stressed out and give less free time. I think school should leave the hours alone since they don't have to deal with the work and tired ness they don't have to think twice.

I think it is dumb to add an hour more because it can mess up every thing. If every thing is doing good then it should stay like that if we need to change it we should all chose if we want a to have one more hour or not. We are the important voteers so why leave us out of it. We are the ones who get tried ,so one more hour and 30 mintues is not good for are bodys even worse if you have after school or a clud. The money that you had to use for the extra time could go to better things like new computers for us. Or it could help for better lunches or better gym oqupment or mucic things and make the school better by painting it or somthing. Instead of was'ting it on one hour of paying teachers. I would like to have free time not streeing out about doing work and being done and haveing little free time. Thats why i think it would be better if we did not get one hour of school and just be the same.