Should the aouthor Ralph Waldo Emerson, is righ what he was wrote.?

If you already learn something new and you want to tray again make sure to try and make little of different because is not really good idea alway making the same thing in your life.

Alway keeping ahead and don't look back to the passed. Mr Ralph waldo Emrson, is traing to explain to us what is good to make. If you already was mastered we can not just put only that when we can learn something new in our life.

First of all,it is important to remember what you already learn, but is not just alway traing to make only the same thing that you ready was mastered belond and yu want to make againg. I agree what Mr. Ralph Waldo Emerson just said. It is really good when you are thinking and just thinking tomaking somting new thing then you will be product for your future. We getting to remember makin a new thing is alway important. Also you will get to open your brain assun u look and go ahead.

Secondly, I am disagree to try the same thing that you already get learned in the passed in your life. whatever you already learned don't have to reapead again and again only that.

Because you is not learning new thing you will not get progreesiible for you future when you going grow up. If you already was mastered don't has to go at the passed and only wrote alway the same thing in your present.

In conclution, It is important keeping at from and don't only try to make something beyend that you already get done .Is good use what you having ready learned, but you should go and trying new thing. Acording to Mr, ralph Waldo Emerson wrote . You will never grow up if you try to making only the sme thing beyond that you just got ready leaned. whatever you just got leaned don't mean that you only have to wrote only that. when you can lean show and making new thing .                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           