Generic_Name writing sol march 19, 2019

If I do always something I can do more that one. Many people belief is always do something we can do more thing; because, if more practice something we have more abiliti to do something. When, I do always something the next time I do better. Likewese, I have to read book for book project I can do. If always I do project more good grades have, and I can do more project. I have to read for mu quiz if always study fot the quiz I can do better.

I have to read book, biography, ect.

In Generic_Name claas I have to read book for book project. If always I read book I can do more project more extra poins. In Generic_Name class we need to read the lions book for abc project if always I read this book we can do more project. In my History class I need to read biography if more read I can have good grades for this class. I thing if more do something I can do more thing, and more good grades I can have.

In my class I have to do project. In Generic_Name class always we need read book; because, if more book read more book project can do. In Generic_Name class we have abc projec about The Lions book if always reed this book more project I can do. In my History class I need read biographis for extra poins more biographys read more extra poins have. When I stady more I can have more extra poins.

Always I have to stady for my quiz. In my science class I need read my notes for my quiz if I more stady is more essay my quiz. For my sol I need to stady always; because, is so important for my I have gooh grades in the sol. Always I do quiz in my History class if always practice for my quiz always I have good grades. Is more esay for my always stady for my quiz that a bad grade.

Sometimes if always I do something I bored of this. However, if I consentrate in I do I can do better things. whet, I read my book, stady for my project and quiz I need consentration; because, if always do something, and don't concentration I don't do nothing. In my opinion if always stady whit consentation I can do everithing good, and I can have good grades. for this reason and many more that always I do something is better the I dont do nothing.