Even though other believe working alone is easier and better. I

strongly believe student do benefit from working in a group. Working in a group has it's advantages, and I feel it's a better choice. When work work in a group you can see different ideas,learn to work with other and also you can met new people.

When you work with other people you can see the different ideas also you can learn know things. You can see the same problem in different ways but as a group you try to find the best way to solve them. For example let's say you have to do a project for a class, and you have to do it in a group. As a group you can share you Knowledge of what you know about the topic and share them with you group . Also you can share you ideas with your group,and see if they like it or maybe they can add something more to your idea to make it a better one . You can see who you have in common with them also you can see the differences you have with you group members .

Working as a group can really have a good advantages. If it is a really big project you dint have to do it alone. Also you can split work and everyone can get a small portion of the project. You can also see people creativity. In a group every one is good in something, so lets say if there is some who is really good at drawing and some one really good in writing then the project can look really nice and the penmanship will look great. You can get it done half as fast with every one in the group does what they have to do and work as a team .

When you work in a group you can met new people. Maybe you change schools. You do not know any one at your new school. When you work in a group, you can meet new people and make friends. It also work if you are shy because in a group you have to communicate with others to get the work done, or you are just a born leader you can help other how to start the project together or tell people how to do thing because they do not know what to do first. Also it works so you can get out your confer zone and try new things. For example you really like to draw but you do not know how to draw really good maybe some one from your group knows how and they can teach you .

As a conclusion I think student do benefit when they are in group. Because not only they can share there different ideas. You learn how to work as a team. You can met new people, and make new friends.        