Hello I am writing to you today to know if i could possibly get a opportunity to come visit the real estate agent office to get a feel and learn more about what steps , what skills I would possibly need in order to purse this career later on when i get out of high school . I mean wouldnt you have loved it if you had a chance to visit a office and learn a couple things get some tips from people that have been doing this job jobs for years. I think that everybody should get a chance to goo into the field of what you like before you even think about going in.

I think that I should have this opportunity to go visit to see what it is like learn a little from works that are doing this on a daily bases before I were get out of high school. For the reasons being I maybe not even really like it once I get out of high school after i do whatever it is to get to become a real estate agent what about if i dont love it anymore as much a I thought I possibly did back when i was in high school . I would obviously just be miserable doing something i dont even love also just wasting my time in getting all of this in place in order to get to where i wanna be and then not love it . Also If it isnt what i was expecting when i get a job in a agency it will be very dissapointinting to be working somewhere you feel like you have no choice and are unhappy with it. Thats one of the reasons I think it would get good thing for me to get a visit so i wouldnt have to go through all of that once I am getting ready to purse my employment.

Getting to visit would show me what the process is into becoming a agent, how to successes in the business not to crash and burn and to be able to become as successful as I can be in this journey . This work really interests me also because you make big bucks also seeing beautiful houses . I could maybe open even my own business of real estate agents also than Id be even making more money perhaps you could even show me how u became successful and got to be a manager of real estate agents. that would be very helpful you could show me how things work, steps you had to take to get in the passion that you are in. But in order for that to happen you know of course you would have to be open in letting me come in and learn from everybody gain knowledge from you hard working people how you are successful and all of that good stuff the ups and down everything .

That is why I think I should get the opportunity to visit and learn about real estate agents I could gain a lot of information from this visit it will help me in the future about my career how successful Ican become and all of that thank you for hearing me out I hope that you let me have this chance to learn and become a successful young girl in my future awaiting for me .