Individuality is the idea of freedom of thoughs, but why we are concerned what other people think? Let's be honest everybody had copied at least one time in a test or quiz just because it was more eassy to coppy than being trying to remember the anwer that obviously you did not know. We own our thoughs, thus, we should do ours ideas not somebody else's ideas

In the book called "Maria Magdalena" based in the movie "The Davinci code" states the ideas of one individual who thalk about the true behind the story about Maria Magdalena ( Jesus' mother). To catholic people Jesus's mother is saintly. Their sanctuary, the church. To the author of the book "Maria Magdalena" she is just a lie's layer. On those old times there were many poor people who were opressing by the church, they sufer in the church's hands. The church killed to protect the true behind Maria Magdalena. On those times existed the crusades in spanish the "cruzadas" in which the church fought the protestants to convert them in their cristianity if they negated to accept it they killed them. The victims decide to follow their own beliefs and the consequence was the death. This is a good example of individuality similar to our way to live in the present. The politics want us to do what they want to their advantages opressing our rights just like the church did with the protestants during the crusades. The author of "Maria Magdalena was very brave to wrote about those things. He was very successful because nobody used to talk about this, now they do. In this book he shared us a little part of what was to be different from the others and take their own decitions. Based on this I state that we can share our ideas of individuality and do not let our corrups politics to opress people's rights.

In the present we have a huge amount of successful guys because of individuality. The influential ideas of the past are not in our day to day anymore. Parents now teach their offspring to take their own decitions knowing the consequences of this. Now we, the tenageers, are more prepared to develop our ideas and beliefs. Constantly, my mom develop the ideas of individuality in our family. One year ago I decided to start to work, and I am very proud of my decittion.

I remember my first day of kinder garden, All the kids playing and runnig around the field. To be honest, I prefer being painting rather than be runnig for no reason. My art's teacher gave us draws made by her."Ready to paint" she used to say, but I was so rebel that I made my own draws just because I though her draws were so bored. I was a little girl taking individuality decitions and I did not know it

In my conclusion I am agree with individuality, If we want to spread the individuality, then we should start saying what we think, because the bravery of the unexpected ones, will persuade the shyness ones. Individuality can be hard but not impossible. We live in a world with influencers that try to persuade us to be like them. Do not choose the easy way. I prefer the hard way, so then I would be proud of my achievement just like Ralph waldo Emerson said: "To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplisment"