According to this prompt can you imagine that some businesses have adopted a four-day work week, to conserve energy and resource. However, now did you ask to your self, should your school follow this model by extending the school day two hours?. went i think in that i give me some thing. although, follow this model by extending the school day two hours have benefists and disadvantages of follow this model to a four day of school week .

fist, think about benifist that is very important part for students and for the employees , however consider how this model is going to help students and employees from school. Then how this model is going to help the school if they dont conserve energy and resourse. For instance, teachers are affected in how they give students work when they need some proyect to do how they use energy if they dont have resources. Now left think about if school dont have resourses how students use the restroom if dont have water, students also use water to get a shower went they have a game in the school, another think is that women in the kitchen they need water for cook and give students lounch. However, some students work after school and teachers needs to take care their childres after school or some teachers live very far. Beside, they could affect school education. Lastly, school are affected for many manner this affect whith the hours being to a four day school week in the other hand,

let meask abouth disadvantages.

Second, students,teachers and employes are affected in the disadvantages. For example, some students work after school if students wants to stay after school maybe they lost their jobs because they dont present to his work or if they have some homework to do after school they can no stay because they need to work studens are affected. Beside, teachers are affected too because after school they need to take care they childrens or maybe some teachers live very far and spend many time for arive to his home. In the other hand, school employes lost his work because if school work only four day at week the drive lost some hours of job this affect some employes and their families. Thats why this dissadvantages affect studens work and students education because some students dont came to the school if they are resposable with his job. However in my case this affect me because i work after school and i need came to the school too but i need some money. They are many reasons why this disadvantages affect students and employees. Let me ask some benefist that is good.

Finally should fallow this model by stending four day school week you should have some benefist. For example, you should have one day off to stay at home with family, do the homeworks that the teaches give you or spedn more time to study, teachers can relax one day or maybe they prepare students assignment.

In conclution, to conserve energy and resource to considering the benefits and disadvantages to a four day school week, many pleople are affected mostly students and teachers because two hours would affect students job, also the teachers because some teaches live so far from the school and they dont have time to past with his family. In the other hand, the good thing is that they should have one day off and they can relax, students can do their homewors and they can study for his test or maybe they can go to his job in the day off. But is important can to the school every day because we need to learn more every day and in the future can take a better job we can do a good people and a good example for our family.    