Many people believe that success consists of going from failure. because we all human making mistake in our life. being faliure is good for must of peoples. however we all taking lesson from faliure to faliure to be come success in our life. for many resons: fristly,must of students, agree with this statement that Minister Winston Churchill once said. and secondary, part of students did not believe in this statement. however they are thanking we do not want to failure in our life or tests. we want to success once time. previosly must of people agree failure is key is success.

for example: Abraham Lincoln, one of the 16th president of the U.S, once time said in during in civil war said to his people or audience, we have to be strong, does not matter for us how hard is life is it . and he continue his speech he said. whatever success, going from failure to faliure without loos any of enthusiasm. he said never contrition in your past. the constant to be succsess consists of going from failure. and aslo he siad that, this a good convenience for everone in consequence Lincoln, said you guys have to conscious and be awake all the time. this confirm to everyone or to all of us key of failure is in success.

other peoples , did not agree what Abraham Lincoln said. must of them said this is not compulsion or compulsory, they said this is over las conclusive in our decide we want to success one time without lossing any enthusiasm or failure.

In my opinion that " succcess consists of going from failure to failure without loos of enthusiasm. we agree in this prompt. because before that i said faliure of key is becoming in success in our life we should all battle with failure we all know that way is become austerity. we have to fight with failure we did not want to win us. we want to success,in improve our self.

Many people making a mistake in thier life some of them success, and most of them failure. this is our life.

no mather success congsists of going from failure to faliure. some people dismal when they got failure in thier life.

They are become depression most of them and finally when they got success in thier life they are become happy, and depreciation. of course that" success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.