Interducaions

:Summer vacation should be longer more family time we can do swimming and camping summer Brian relaxation, studies cause stress but if we stop after every two months it will divide our follows, are can go on family trips. Summer warmest seasons of the year occurring between springs, and Autumn. A period considered as a time of fulfillment, happiness, or beauty.

The summer is good seasons for vacation some people fixed holiday where to go for adventure, and traveling. Summer is fan,feeling freedom, and enjoble season.

Paragraph# 1

students should take longer break if don't take break the Brian is can't consecrate and focus and studies might be tried because

Students going to school entered of the year human Brian is not like machine working as all the time the have to longer break. summer is good opportunity for every one specially to students can go traveling spent time with our family , friends and go to picnic. Family is good opportunity to spent time with our kids go out side play with them. Most of family going to anther state for beach and also vesting family. Some students interesting working take job make own money .When coming back to from summer break everyone mind is fresh. Summer is fan seasons and favorite.

Paragraph #2

Autumn is most of people second favorite seasons in Autumn all leaves fall down and all trees color is colorful and really looking amazing. this season is not much fan season because the autumn day is going to cold the night is cold and day is short this months not fan like summer this the can almost of the end if summer and begin. Autumn is good season for school because the weather is not that much hot like summer the weather is not that much cold. Autumn is good season for start to school everyone.

Paragargh#3

Spring is season weather going to warmer every place planting growing up all place is green and almost of the end of the year. If a some giving break in winter and fall the planning school would be bey hand a kind of breaking during the classes when coming back spring a kind forgetting. Summer is best break in during school.

3 week better in spring.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            