Each people in the world should have any to trip in life because each failure,wrong, and bad day our help a better each aspect in the life as social, personal and work, and this consist in learn for each failure and no come back to fall in the same not is advancing nothing in his life.

my mother is the best woman in the world because she never had help of my father or other people for care me to me and my brother and with a lot effort she to achieve give them a life very good and ours show that in the life a bad moments as good people but always is united as family and help of god can out of this failures for achieve in the life "sucess" that each people to deserve .

For example, in this world there a lot people that are very succesful in his life is because they each pursuit his happiness, every day they wake up with a great spirits from follow to from in his life to achieve his dreams, goals and the sucess. Also can be that others days they have a bad day but always follow fighting an against always the people has that is firm in a only target that is " Pursuit of success". Also all the people that has sucess in the life always are very humble and respectful with it them.

In this world there always there problems for any things, but with so effort,hope, intelligence because all people has problem or failure in the life but no for this should to leave of fight , because the life to try of follow to follow because all the things has any out .

other examples is, when a student take a test and the first time not pass of test but he don't never give up, because always there a more opportunities and only should to follow study and better for that the second time should be better.

Also i have a example that i'm live in my life each day that is when a people as me,when i going to live a other country very different to mine with his way to live and it more important his language is very hard no can to communicate with them, but the beginning is very hard for any people change of country and is more hard if no know the language, but i don't give up because i know it that i'm very smart and with more effort, faith, and help of my teachers, mom and family little to little better my english and each day i learn of new things in the life because never leave of learn in the life. i disagree not can understand it and not can say nothing.

For this failure plays a role very important in ours life because show as the people has abilities for can do any things and know that all the people has intelligence for can achieve it. The failures in the life to help to better and think about that can help to better and however, i think that each people has a goal in the life and not should to renounce a ours dreams, goals that should of achieve it.

Because in the life each people to choose his destiny in the life but i think that all people has a fault but each people has of power for eliminate it of his life.

In conclusion, all the people should of has any failure for can better and achieve his success and happiness in the life with love, hope, and effort for that nothing in the life is so easy , everybody needs is very focus in the life because until the own family may be can think that you are a dump but can show you that you are "the best" and that nobody can stop your success in the life and nobody can to take your dreams and goals of your mind and heart and always each day should of think this is my best day, and wake up with spirits of better and be a great pride for your wife, son and people that believe in you , and with help of this people so important in you life give you spirits for achieve it and they to go with your steps to sucess in the life .