I think the people should always accomplish more by always doing something. You'll be more successful, each time you do this by most of the times.

One of my life experience was me joining the swimming team. There's times that i would wanna give up on myself. some other days, i would feel too lazy, extremely tired, or having lots of work after school. One night, i decide that it's not the time to just give up on yourself, after everything what i've had done. After that night, whenever i thought this to myself. I went every single day to my swimming practice, also thinking thoughts of head to never give up. All this sudden, i became more successful ! i was a leader to my swimming team. My couch knew one day i would put more effort on myself, he always believed in me.

Some other days, there's times after swimming club. I just wanted to hang out with my friends, to able make time for them to go shopping, walking down the park,go on the beach or having fun at their parties. I know, if i wanna become a leader to my swimming team. First, i must do what's best for me. Then i can make plans for all my friends to hang out. When i became a role model and also starting do go my practices every single day. afterwords, i started to hang out my friends !

They completely understand me. what i was trying to do for what' best for myself . I took full responsibility on my swimming club first. at the end, i started to have more enough time to be with my friends and including family as well.

At the end, One lesson that i have learn in my life experiences is to never give up ! in order to be more successful. There's nothing that i regret on my choices. In matter of fact, i am very proud of myself, how far i become to be a great leader for my swimming team. In the future, i am chasing my dream to become a world famous swimming player on live television. If i would've make a speech on live television, I would want to say " by accomplish more you can always be actually more successful by making your dreams turn into a reality. Always learn by doing our own responsibility and never let anyone say otherwise.

People should start accomplish something that they think it's best for them self just to be more successful. By taking this advice, you'll see the big different how things could come into a great reality. Instead of not doing something in order to accomplish yourself. Try make enough time or be able to focus on things you may can do, By doing little steps each time, you will get a point to reach up your goals. It's very important how you make your choices, just in order to be more successful in your life. Take the advances, be a good leader and make this a good lifestyle.     