Inactive Times and Its Benefits

Should people have inactive times in their life? By doing work all the time people can achieve more goals; however, is better for people to have inactive times. It is better for people to have inactive times because they can have a longer life, fresh ideas, and get more energy.

Firstly, it is better for people to have inactive times because they can have a longer life. People's body works better when they have time to rest. For example, my mother's friend had a heart attack for not having inactive times. His doctor recommend him to have lazy times because he was working eighteen hours per day, but he did not listen to what the doctor said. As a consequence, he pass away; however, before he was told to have inactive times, his Neuron System stopped working properly. He stared having bad times at night while he was sleeping, his body started shaking, and he started having heavy breathing. The doctor asked my mother to talk to him and explained one of bad results, and that was death. Right after my mother's friend pass away, the doctor wrote on his blog about how not having inactive times can kill us. In sum, having inactive times help people live a longer life.

Secondly, it is better for people to have inactive times because they can have fresh ideas. When our brain is full of tasks we cannot think clearly and have new ideas. Being busy makes our mind blocked. For example, Generic_Name is a teacher and she is planning to have a party. However, Generic_Name is been so busy because her class is having a competition. All she thinks about is the competition and how to prepared her class. Generic_Name is not having inactive times and she does not know how to organized the party. She tried to focused on the party, but each small action was in vane. Her boss noticed she was tired and did not have new ideas, so her boss let her have two days off. During those two day Generic_Name could came up with lots of ideas to her party and also ideas to the competition. Generic_Name was happy because her main was full of new and fresh ideas. Her class won the competition and her party was amazing. In conclusion, by having inactive times people can get fresh ideas.

Thirdly, it is better for people to have inactive times because they get more energy. People who rest feel more energetic to start or finish an activity. For example, when I have many homework ,exams coming up, and track practice I feel upset, frustrated, and with no energy. So what I do is rest for a while to get energy. This make me feel powerful and energetic to finish my different activities. Furthermore, in my Psychology class I learned that people who rest or get an inactive time after they done with an activity for twenty five minutes have more energy to continue another task. In my personal experience, I have tested it on my sister and the results were successful. For example, She had to do an Algebra II homework and then, an English homework. So when she took the first twenty five minutes after she finished her first homework she said, she had energy to do the other one. We test it again without having twenty five minutes break. She said she was tired to do the next homework because she did not have energy. In sum, it is better for people to have inactive times because get more energy.

In conclusion, it is better for people to have inactive times because they can have a longer life, fresh ideas, and get more energy.

People can faced catastrophic result as death by not having inactive times and affect our life time. In addition, when people have lazy times they can came up with new ideas to complete different tasks. Finally, when people rest a certain time after an activity they get more energy. Each individual on earth must have an inactive times. 