I think is good idea, because the students have more opportunity to graduate early. some school districts offer programs the allow school, student to graduate in three years. most students follow this plan, must take courses during the summers,or in the evenings or may not be able to take electives course. but if you finish,

the school in three year you need to study very hard to pass all the class.

is good to finish the school early too because you go to the college early and you have more time find a good job. but you need bring more focus in one class but not in other because the graduation, can be going down. but they need break too because most students going to sleep during the class because they study in the night i would like to thank all, the teachers give homework and they not finish because they, dont have time to complete. what can they do during the night they need to get energy, to continue study for the class.

some students are very smart but other students work during the night and they dont have time to do the homework because they came tire for the work, and they dont focus in the class and they no pay attention to the class because some students came from other countries they need to pay house need get foot, clothes and other thing to school but, they need to learn English first because they need to pass all the class for enter in the college,

and they can get good jab to save the money for the future ,they can buy his own house, and get a family they need more important thing the education is very important because they look good person no body say bad thing of he.

I think is good idea because you focus only in one thing. then you can study , just in the school but if you trying to graduate for bettor life if you graduate your parents be happy. because you comply your goals if you have a dream follow you can comply, but you need to focus in the school dont slept during the class, did the homework get good grade dont forget you need to graduate in three years. must students who follow this plan must take courses during the break. to study for the exam you need to be ready for the college, thinking about you life what do you do when you out the school, you getting good job they dont know, yet because we are in the college ,but they have a dream to follow in the college the most important is you get good grade to graduate because if you get good grade they know you are good students.

my opinion is if `you graduate early you have more opportunities to grow up. very first because you are ready for the new life, you can find good opportunities,

but you need to focus in one goals first because you can get good opportunities, away because you graduate for the college ,and school o ready. they families will be happy for his becuase he get good result in the college.                                