Author Ralph Waldo Emerson wrote, "To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment". In this day ling life to be yourself individuality in this world. distinguish, normal, healthy, sane condition, and selves. Is the greats accomplishment by Author Ralph Waldo Emerson.

I agree with this, In this time we has a human being trying to be an unique person. A music artists, drawing artists, or a teacher etc.. as an example; A teacher can trying to do something especial with his students. That can be something that nobody did it before. That make an unique teacher and that can end really bad or good either this, people going to judge he/she, however; the world constantly trying to make you different. And that change is gonna be to make you a unique person. When Author wrote "To make you something else".

Negative persons consisting trying to change you, make you something else or judge. For my opinion that simple thing can be strong. Why? is the way that you looking, as an example; they gonna judge, but you gonna be strong and not worry about that, because you are a human being in this life nobody is "perfect". We can be unique in this life, we also can guide by people are already death. In the past, a member of your family, a artists, or a person that did a great job or something unique. that can also help us to get some ideas, as an example; the men who created "Facebook", this person is unique. because he created something inclusive that beans created before Is a positive change of the "life system". What I trying to say it is. In the cycle of life, we as a human being; born, growing up, reproducing, and dead end. In the cycle an example; when we are in the stage of growing up, they let us know to understand that we have to made a decision. For example: "What you want to be in this life when you old?". this trying to understand that we have to make a decision to contribute to this "life system". To make it better world as an example; teenager trying to decide a career for college, to contribute something good for this world, however; that decision of the teenager can be, wherever he or she want. People can judge or be bad with you, but the end of the day. It no important anymore. This is only one life to live wherever you do with this life, is your decision. But we have to smart.