Soccer, all people like to play soccer, and other facinate to play soccer.

First, Many people, like to play soccer because someone like to wond some cup, other like soccer to distracted his maind, other like soccer to live all problem in the field. I think soccer is the most game in the world becuse when you wond the game, you are will be excited when you take the cup with you hands. Someone like to wach the game and like when his team are wining the game.

Second, Some people don't like when his team is losting the game, some people are luck like angry when his team losted the game, I think people need to know soccer is to distract person, but the aficionate will put angry with the team, the people need to know, what the team don't will be wond every game, but the aficionate don't see that, the aficionate want what the team wond all the game.

Them, soccer player wee luck like happy when the game was finish, but the aficionate is angry because his team lost the game, some player talk with the aficnote and say to the aficionte, everyone need to know the team never will be wond all game; Everyone need to know that if you will be stay with the team you need to stay with in the bad, and the good too, but some aficionate stay winth the team only when the team wond the game. In the reason is that aficionate need to stay with the team everytime.

Inaddition, Some aficionate don'tcare if the team lost games, in the player apreceated when some aficionate don't say enithing if the team lost the game, in the team work hard and trie to wond all game, when the aficionate will stay happy with team, or with player do really goodjob in the game, in some player tell to the afocionate the team will be trie to wond the game for you aficionate thanks to stay with the tam.

Finally, the aficonate is happy with the team because the team wond the campion cup, but the reason is that team wond the game and champion cup is because some aficionate stay with the team every moment never lived the team, In the team never give up, but the team know when the team is happy or angry, but the team contune with season and play all the games.

Conclusion: I think an aficionate in the world, nee to stay happy with his team, but the aficinate don't see when his team trie to fo everything right and trie to wond the game .Other think aficionate nee to stay with his team in bad, nd good too. Some aficionate, say good bye to the team when the team lost some game in the season, but some one stay with team the aficionate will stay with team don'tcare id the team los the aficonathe will be stay winth team.