The constantly tying to do make something else is the greatest accomplishment.

I thinks for this that is the very better idea, I am agree because when you do somethings. When you doing somethings may be this can helping for another person that is great for all the time. This support we can something better because you know make some great this can effect for some people,and can i'm disagree,for example when yo doing some helped to hospital may be can bring some support with you pay 20 dollar for month. This helped to hospital is something you know about a greatest accomplishment because you do this idea about yourself.

That is contantly trying of yoursel. This is always and without interruption or can be again and again without end, and me position this issue is real education, so you do somethinmg in then you have you doing a discussion. When you has something to doing, then we have to do a discussion about what is the greatest accomplisment this that happened because we have to do something individuality, and make a support, for example we have to make some better we know about this how the education is the great discusssion because everybody have to making a reasons and bring the support, and this position I am agree beccause when you spoke about of the education for all the children the is some sure.

The greatest accomplishmnet can be something bad you can reporting a situation. for this things you do some this is for yourserf because you make some can have a discussion, and you making the be better accomplishment or laern more about for this experienced. For instance what is right of accomplishment is the we tying to make something such as a blessing somebody the is the greatest accomplishment because you making very good for some people this is agree,and the is action you doing and support because you make is good reasons. Also for some specific example about is the a greatest accomplishment is when all the people in a country are developed the is of better accomplishment because the people of for this country to make a dicussion, trying,talent for that country can be developed. Also something accomplishment we trying to be better because sometime is so difficulty to do here is we have to used the talents for support the idea for develop.

Sometime of the talented is having to be more considerable because we have to do a particular effort, and support this position on this issue. I feel the position when tying to make about something right you are make some greatest accmplishment agree because we trying helped and then make a reasons specific next doing a discussion and desiccion.

I make every day to be more better for any class. and tying to helped ssome people this is a constantly that make, when trying to make something is so difficult because I has to make a discussion but for a dicussion all have to talent this is statement about individuality to making. However i has to used the talent. Also in the life and future all the people have to make bigger greatest accomplishment this is that people can be more great life.

The greatest accomplishment somethings factor that have in the life. Also may be can sometnhing has to resolver with a discussion. Also this thing have to be the greatest because we trying to some to do and support.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  