To conserve the energy and resourse, we do not should have to work a four-day for week. Some jobs, work during the week, and others in the weekend days. We can not conserve it much of the resourse or energy even they give four days of work, because some workers do their jobs in the week days, others will do it in the weeekend days. This is because there are a lot differents types of jobs, that do not permit they to work only in the week days. Add to more hours its not make a diference because some job are in the night, some in the mornings.. Most of the people they have off and want to go outside to have fun or go to a restaurant have dine, some bussines have to be open in this days that the people have off and want to do something in the weekend day. In my position I don't think we conserve the energy and resourse doing in a four-day work week. It's have to be nesesary that the businesses have people working and open their bussines the 7 days, to those people who go to their businesses. Schools must don't have to chanche the five days to four days in the week. Students can adopted the two hours more but, they will be have three days to spend their time.

One reason why I will be desagree if the system want to change the schedule of the schools is because it's going to affect most of the students, since they don't have a job and will be pass must of the time in their fhones, using the internet, social media, wathing tv or playing video games. Students will be doing nothing productive in their lifes doing this we will waste most of our time. This will be affect in our lifes, I take a position in this situation because I am a students and I know the students hobbies what we like to do, what not and how we wasting our time.

However to add two more hours in the workers scheddule. It can be good for some of them because they don't have towork 3 days, but also going to affect most of the workers, that are parents. Most of the parent can not aply to work the week days. Suppose they aply for work the 4 days, but can be diferents days like their are a lot jobs that have diferents schedule. Monday to Friday, Sunday to Thursday, or Wednesday to Monday.

Schools also chanching the schedule, parents will be have to pay for babysitting for those who have kids.

Not all people have a government job the require only work the week day and weekend days off.

Most of the businesses ask to work 5 to 6 days and which its not have to be Monday through Friday.

Also we can see it's imposible to change to the four-day to conserve the resourses even people work 4 days. People have to work between the 7 days, some have to work 4 days and when this people have off the other half have to work that days because businesses can not be close the 7 days. People must will have to work even diferents day.

In conclusion for me it is not a goog idea to change the schedule of the students, to a four-day, when they have 5 days. Students can do more work in school and learn more and develop their knowladege passing more time in the school. Can be good idea for the people who work because they can have rest more time with family, or doing hobbies. Work 10 hours its good for those who will have off 3 days, but not for students because students have to develop in school more time. 