Most students hope and enjoy a summer vacation after a long school year, but some educators thoughts are completely different as the way they should get their vacations. Although, during the summer break some students do not retain information as easily when they return in the fall, overall, the summer is a good season to have a school break because of the great weather and the posibilities to get a job for students.

Initially, we all know summer is the best season of the year, because it brings more attractions. Of course, the weather is one of the important factors that makes it possible. For example, amusement parks to entertain people, beaches's opening, as well as others entertainment places to go visit and have fun. Summer also is a known as a time where family can share moments with others and recover all the energies leaving the stress at home. Also many people likes the summer, beacuse you can practice any sport you want outside, a good way to decrease the percent of obesity and improve our helth. Another advantage of the summer is that we have more sun light during this season than winter, spring or fall, it allowing us to get done more stuff we need to do and being productive with our time. In short, the students's vacations should be in summer, because is a great season to do many activities and enjoy with friends and family.

In addition, as we have more attractions, more personal the companies need, which gives to many people the opportunity to get a job. As a students, a job is helpful in several aspects for good on their lives. For example, maturity, responsability , new experiences and connections-which is very important to your future. Each one prepares you as a person to deal with your every day lives. Also, students have enough time to save their money and keep it for their purposes, it can be for a college or buy whatever they want without the necessity to pay with their parents's money. As a result, students are aviable to gain their own money during the summer, because its offer more opportunities, and also gain new experiences that will help them move fordward.

Still, some may say that summer vacations are too long and there should be year-round schools, which would totaly change how long the breaks will be. Then, students can have a balence on their personal lives and scholar lives. The knoledge they aquired is still fresh in their minds so, new stuff to learn will be easier for them and consequently they will obtain good grades. In summary, the significance of the idea to administrate better how long, and the appropiate time for a break is to know if it are gonna affect the student progress, which is the priority of the school.

In conclusion, educators wants the best for students,and they just want to find out a better way to rise their progress making them as a better students improving their knoledges. But, it can becomes as an issue because if you are constantly over preassure, and studying all the time without an a consider time to free your mind, it will get you tired. Overall, the summer vacations will keep you distracted with many productive activities during a long break, which are gonna let you back to school more exited and willing to keep study.