I think that summer is to enjoy the weather, family, friends and if you have a pet also him and everything else.

no body would like to be thinking about school work or trying to figure it out to complete homework.

In my opinion students need to relax from a big long year of school and this is not just convinient for for young people, we also know that we have a clear example of Adult people( older people)

they also need a big break from their jobs because they might feel really tired or stressed with work same as students and so that i am not trying to compare adults with young people I know they have even more responsabilities with their lifes but students comes to be more understanble because of the reason that they need to save more energy and have enough sleeping time but adults also need the same things and due that many jobs required just a week of vacation (sometimes even more) they feel really streess and tired and that why they would really wish to have a big vacation to can spend time with their family etc. same with student now that they have the opportunity to have a big vacation enjoy it.

Plus many students really love summer because the weather( the warm breeze) the feeling of summer or the feeling that you know like freedoom not worry about your grades, activities, projects and etc. makes a lot of diference between a long break and a shorter brake, but I also take the position of the educator, I know they wouldnt like to been repeating things to make student remenber of the subjects they saw the last year and having issues with things they forgot, That would be really stressful but come on! Who wouldnt like a big vacation? good for some teachers that save money to enjoy summer.

I also take the student position and as student I identified my self with the first character I describe when Students need the vacation to relax, but theres another big example of why vacation should be longer. first of all some student plan their goals during the summer probably to get a full time job during summer ( i KNOW EVEN SOME TEACHERS do )

to can save money and spend it on things they need another example is to save money for collegue, yes for collegue.

and probably this is the major goal of many students trying to have a great summer because of the only reasong that they dont have as much support as the other students but at the same time I understand teacher or educators because their goal is to push us up in our goals and the once a year a 3-4 week break in the summer, a longer winter break, and a week of in spring and fall sounds really nice since some student may love the weather by those times even though they like to see the fall so theres not problem concluding with everything else it will be almost the same as the regular summe vacation except that It will be more shorter.

In conclusion, the break that we already have is perfect because of the only reason of that many student love it, the weather is so chill the beaches are already open and is enough time to go out of town to see your family and have a great time with them and good for those who liked to work during summer just to have some extra money or help a little of bet their spences.