I believe high schools students should not be expected to stick to a career, They are barely finding themselves. Choising a career a at young age can lead to mistakes like choosing something you don't enjoy.

High Schools Program shoud be a way to help the future profesional to find what they are really want to be in the future, high school stage is one of the most important step for the young age students, Because there is when they choose their future, We need to work with them the best way is posible, We need to find out a programs that impulse them to continue students after high schools graduate.

In some case parents try to tell their children what career they have to take, In that case if the students have to choose a career by the time they are entering to the high schools, Most probably will be their parents choosed what career they are going to take it, So that may be a mistake for the student because when they finally found themself, Probably they realize there were something else more interesting for them that they could take it, At that time would be too late.

Also some students may take a career that doesn't make the money they were expecting, or choosing a career that's not fit for them,

What the high school should be concern about is to form the best profesional for the future, Teaching them the best educations is posible and the same way showing them what kinds of career are there,The advantage and the disadvantage all the career have it.

High schools programs should know they're playing a really impotant roll in the future of the country, However the programs needs to be concentrated, should be educated the young guys the best way is posible,

Create a programs to keep them away from problems like; Grugs, Alcohols, Gangs. This 3 problems are killing our new genetion, This is one of the reason why the students leave the schools at early time. Also the high schools needs to help the students to find the career that will make them be happy in the furute. Should not be the high schools expected to the students to identify a career before or at the time their are entering to the high schools.

In conclusion, high schools students, In my opinion are not ready to choose a career yet, At their age they may not know what really want, or be ready to make such a big decision.