To begin with, did you know that this year there has been bigger problems with climate change than now, last year, and the other years before that. To say nothing of, i agree that having a positive attitude is the key to success in life. For this prompt i have some reasons why i agree why having a positive attitude is the key to success. In addition,climate change would always be the problem we would have with our earth but, hoping it would'nt be as bad as today.

Further more, the First reason why i agree to having a positive additude is the key to success because, having a good mind can help you get things done faster. For example, during school hours i complete my work on time when im not feeling too tired, or when im feeling like im doing great, and when im having alot of good energy. Having a good mind to gets things done faster, can help you not stress about uncompleted work. A positive mind can have very good idias and accomplish your goals. In conclution, having a positive mind can bring important things done faster.

In addition, having a positive additude gives good vibes everyone likes, enlighten other people day, or can lead to good things in your life. For example, when im working and im having a bad day there always a customer who changes my mood to a very positive mood and i start to work better. Having a good mood or mind can leave a good job. To conclude for, having a good mind or great attitude can lead you to big important things in your life that can lead you to greatness.

Third reason why, good attitude can help your mental health , help other people around you, or people you very close to. For example, i would be very close to my older sister because she always gaved good additude,good vibes, and she had more expirience in life that she could help me with. To say more of, this example can lead you to be more confident in your self. To say nothing of, this can also lead to feel good about your self and love your self mentally and emotionally.

Finally, having positive mental health can bring yourself to have good feelings about your self to get things done and feel good about it without hesitation.

In conclution, Having a Positive addittude is a good thing we should all do in our lives. In addition, to having these reason why i agree to having a positive attitude is the key to success in life is because, without having a good additude we wouldn't get things done and things would get things done the wrong way or not good enough to be great. Furtheer more, not having a great additude can lead to not accomplishing your goal or be successful as you would like in life.           