well hello today I will discust the diferent between working wit a group or working alone first let me ask you a question how hyou like to? with a group or alone? well i chose working with a group lets see why...

working in group and working alone have advantages and disavantages for each one,I like wirking as a group because your team can help you with some ideas and ways to do your work and at the same time have fun while your are doing the work. disavantages in a group there will be always a person that want to be just playing around and don't like to do any type of work just have fun. nut if we being on the side of be working alone thant advantage will be that you will have more oportunity of do your work the way you want to and no be worry about other people opinion. you will finish your work faster and the way you want the wor kto be done,but some disvantages you will no have fun because you have no one to be with and it will be difficult to have a lot of ideas. i think working with a group is more beneficial because if you think there will be more people at the ppresentation helping you and you will feel more secure with your work.

working with a group can help you to increase your skill level of talking and self confidence and being social(meet new friends) , working alone can sometimes can get borring and you dont finish the work because you don't have someone to share the ideas with,

workingt alone can cause you a damage on yuor personalty and your aparetion people will think i he don't like workign with aother person around that he should work by it self andf then there will be a lot of caos that person fall in depresion because no one acept him and it was because you make them to be like that or feel that way.

while you are working with a group you learn skilll like having respect for others and diferentsd way of doing things and work as a team,or even for example you love play sport well you can not do it by your self because there will be team, and how you will work as a team with out learning how to work as a group, you need to learn how to work as a team if you want to be succesful in the comunity, in your future working with a group with the perople you trust you learn that friendship is alway good for you have thar confident that people you like being with help you to increase on your life that is a feel that no one can easy aford it.

went oyu are working with a group friendship will always be there why because is the keey of being succesful on your life. in your future, and your career, in your job.

for example;

lets said that you was driving on the higway driving normal but you forgot to past by the gas station you are in the middle of the street you don't have gas well if you don't like to work with a group then you will push your car and problably you will end up getting a desease or crashing another car.

while if you learn how to work as a group then you can have four people helping you push your car others stop the traffic and some calling the police to help you with that issue.

now you see why it is importan to learn and work as a group, even though with that you already meet new people and have new friend,what I try to said is that working with a group help you a lot in harders things that you need help with.

working alone is depent of what kind of personality you have and if you love working with out people than is fine but there will alway a time that you have to work as a team or group becasue there are things that someone by them self can not accomplish.

when you work as a group you gain respect and great friend ship because if you help with everything then everyone will love working with you and you now will feel that you are important and useful, something that working alone it will be dificult to make.

well i hope you like my explanation i did my best and i feel that we should be more socialize with other nad let then join us for our better future so they can have friends and they never feel like their are alone, lets make everyone happy and having a good time helping other and always respectful.