I think that homework clubs are good in school because, the students can take there time and procces ,to get to undersatnd, there homework, students can finish early thier homework and dont have to do it later, teacher can help more and teach more if thats there passion; what they like to do; to teach and want students to get good grades in there class or any class.

Some students might not understand the home work or just cant cach up. Students in homework club can cach up or even can be finish with the unit that they are working on. Some students can be cached up a lot and help the one's that are not or the ones that cant go.

For the teachers. teachers that like showing kids more education, teachers that like helping students when there stuck in a problom, tachers that can stay after school that dont have nothing to do or dose not have children. Those type on teachers can actualy enjoy after school homework clubs. teachers that actualy like there work can go because some teachers is just there to teach, leave, and get there money but some, actualy do like it they like helping when there wrong giving them corrections.

Students can finish there home work early. children sometimes cant do home work at home because they might be to busy or has a lot of activitys go after school like soccer, basball, basketball, ect. Some children might be able to go to after school home work clubs if there are after school buses but cant if there wernt home work clubs they would not be able to do there homework because, when they get home they have to take care of there brothers and sisters because mom works all day or sometimes parents might get sick and need them to take care or them. But after all i think its good to have after school homework clubs to finish or get to understand if you dont. Sometimes when theres time left and you did your home work and there like 20 or 10 minutes left they can show or teach you new topics.                                                                                                                                                     