Technology

Technology does not effect the way how people interact with another. Think about it like this, some people might just make some type of contact with another person and at the same time doing other things such as in checking your information, money status, savings, and many other things more, yet still making human contact with another. yes i think think for some a occasions it would be necessary and and really nice to make eye contact and interact with one another, for example when you are at a job interview, or even being the job interviewer. Little things like that i would consider to interact with another. There's many other things that would be important to interact with, especaily if it has to do with yourself. Technology itself is good hepler now in days. It can help you with anything that you are in need of, thats why i say it's more of a negative and positive for obvious reasons.

Technology does not effect people, or the way they are getting taught. Teachnology is something good for us, helps us keep things more in order, or can hold more information insted of having paper copys all over the place. technology can be a other way of interacting with other people for example like making a phone call, or a text, or even a video call those are other ways of making contact with one another. thats why for those reasons technology isn't making an effect on us as much.

Technology, so this where it could effect us. Well one it could effect if the perosn doesn't know how to multitask. Two if can effect you for example with your learning. Three it's going to be hard for you to listen and to keep up with who you would be talking to. lets just say you apply for job and your stuck on phone texting others about other job opportunity and your interveiwer send out your job interveiw date and because you were stuck on your phone you miss your job interview. that would suck. for those reasons technology would effect.

Technology itself is good and bad because there's many good things that you can do, but there's other things that you could miss. yes they both work good making or not making interactions with or without technology, but i rather have more human contact just because i rather not miss anything.                