hello I hope you have a good day. I will tell you how i am and why you should select me to visit and learn about the work that i am interest because i am very intelligent and i learn fast.

A opportunity is a favorable combination of circumstances. Although some say that the manager should not select me because i don't like to do extra work. Actually,

Manager should select me because i have positive attitude and i will working hard.

First, Some say that you should not select me because i don't like to do extra work. some people exploit yourself when you try to do extra work if you did the first time, so the next time they give you more work to do. However all the people are not the same. For example, my sister work in clean the house she have different type of person, so a women from Generic_City told her to cleaned the toys. My sister just told her OK, but is not her job in the next time she went to clean the women put her to cleaned the garage and she didn't pay.

Second, Some say that you should select me because i have a positive attitude. the people that always have positive attitude they will have success in the life. If you fall you have to get up. In the life you have to learn a lot thing like lose and win not all that time we can win because if you focus to win. One day you lose you will have negative attitude and you cannot doing well you job that why i learned how to have a positive attitude in everything. However this can help you manager for that you have the best company in the world. For example, My friend is going to college and he is study about business. He always told me that the teacher teach to have positive attitude for that they cannot fall in depression if they lose money or something.

Third, I always work hard because i like to do my job perfect. I try to do the best i can because i don't like to leave my job in average. For example, when i went to High Schools i maintained my level in up. I can work in the night if you prefer i really want to visit you. A lot people said that they work hard, but I can demonstrate how i work and how i am punctual in the work. You will see the different in you company. I am interesting the work that your company is doing. I am very interesting to know how your company install the machine of the air condition. Also, I want to learned how you discover new machine with new strategy "don't worry i will learn fast".

In conclusion, I think that you should select me because i learn fast and i am very interesting in your company. the most important is that i already tell you how i am and thanks for give a opportunity to write you. I hope you understand me.   