The job that I would want to visit is the zoo. Fist, because I wanna see what they do Second, because I want to learn new things. Additionally, because I want to learn how you treat the animals and how does it feel. My question that I choose was How is it like to work at the zoo is it hard or easy?. I choose this question question because working at the zoo it can be hard because you do a lot of things. I think it is hard because yo have to be going one place to another.

My first reason is that I wanna see what they do. I choose this because I want to learn how they treat the animals. I also want to learn about what happens when a animals get sick. I would want to visit the zoo because I wanna see different types of animals and I also wanna see how is it like to be working at the zoo. I also want to see what kind of medicine they give the animals. This is the reason why I choose that I wanna see what the workers in the zoo do.

My second reason is that I choose to visit the zoo because I want to learn new things. I choose this reason because I want to see the experience how it is like to work at the zoo when I grow up. I want to work at the zoo to learn new things for and example like what do you do when an animal get hurts or also what happens when a animal doesnt survive. I want to learn about new things that I havent experience before when I grow up. I chose this reason because learning new things is much better for you.

My last reason is the I want to learn how you treat the animals. I choose this reason because I want to to the animals when grow up and I wanna treat the well. I would want to visit the zoo and explore to see how it is like and also seeing how do you feel working at the zoo. I choose this reason because I wanna help animals and being nice to them. This is the reason why I choose this reason.

In conclusion the job that I would want to visit is the zoo. I wanna see what they do, I want to learn new things, and because I want to learn how yo treat animals. These are the reasons I choose these reasons.