A example is the best way to show others peoples how to do a better thing, when somebody is teaching and provide some examples is one way feel the teacher wants to help.

When i was a child my grandmother shows me many ways to set things and advice, i would like to say i want to teach my friends and others peoples things like they dont know, another ways is tell them or teaching like how to play soccer, how to find this, etc.

In my life i have learn many thing like i never think i do like maintenance in toys, fix computers, and other things.

And i like my teacher teach very well because is one way to learn better others teachers dont like teach very well or just like to be angry with the students in the class and thats the reason why the students say i dont like the teacher because is angry or dont teach very well.

Give examples is the vest way to understand thing like i never understood. behavior is other thing how behavior we are in the class or in the house, our behavior is one part important in the life because the the others peoples could say that person have a good behavior i would like he can tell me a advice or example how to make this or fixed.

A example is not the main reason to influence others,there are many like the peoples watching you. just to watch others peoples i am learning new tools for the future.

I have no plan after High School the only thing is i like technology and electricity the most two parts of mi, the life is like a second we can lose everything or die.

I would like to say some words before i leave, we are human everybody make mistakes, you and me, the only thing to fixed is learn about the mistake i made or someone can help me to have a good behavior in our school or no matter where.

There is one more way is read newspaper, watch the news, ask peoples, ask questions, there are so many ways.

A good example is see how much you can do, how much do you know, dont matter what kind of color you are, you are special for everyone from the most youngest until the most oldest, every one can give a little knowledge how much he know.

There are many advice we can use to exhibit our effort and value, many peoples come to me and they ask me for a question or advice they tell me everything they want to say because they trust on me, i am the people like listening another when they need help.

I am a people who can feel many thing for others peoples.

We have the life, family, friends, neighbor , many people who can help and have a big heart, the reason we are here is for something, maybe no one knows but another yes they have a purpose on this beautiful world that our God give us.

And my final reason is have a good day every day i try to be on time every day in class because i dont like be late is one reason for me this is my goal for this year and of course pass the SOL and the class at he end everything worth, my teacher are a good example of how to influence with others peoples, comment, conversation, i like the school is one of the most reasons.