Students graduated in three year of the High School!

I think is good idea because all student that want a best future try to do a good thing that it is a benefit for the school. when a student is smart make the time important for take other course for to have for credit is for that some student don't need to take the four grade in the high school, A student also that have excellent grade in all the classes, and only have a difficult classes, this student that had the opportunity for graduated early that other students.

Example:

A student of Generic_School is in 9 grade, but this student have a difficult classes, but this students is focus just in the classes, and have a excellent grade also this student take a deport after school all the days. The student he's prepared every time for the quiz, and for test.

Finish the school the student is the best student of the year in the school because He passed all the classes and the SOL. During the summer He go to the summer school for to pass other class that he going to have in 10 grade, finish the summer school He pass the class with excellent grade, so this student had a so much credit of the normal.

He stars the 10 grade, so He had other advanced classes, because in summer school he pass the classes that He was going to have in 10 grade. This student continue that, He pass all the classes, and SOL that He need for graduated. Now this students is in 11 grade, but the student had a big credit and He go to the school for 4 classes so this student have the opportunity for graduated in 11 grade because is a excellent student.

He finally is graduated the school in 11 grade, so He finish the school, but He said that want to go the collage because want to prepare more for to go to the university, because He want to be a excellent lawyer.

The excellent student finish the collage, and the university, so now He is a big lawyer with a great statutes. The parents of this excellent students, and good person, so they feeling fortunate for have a big son.

All we have the opportunity for to be a best person in the life, all depended how we wants to be in the life. Many student wants to have a excellent grade but don't put of they part for be a good students.

Now in day the most students just want to come to school for 3 or 4 classes but don't want study for had a good grade,many students go to school but don't go the classes, and other students is stay outside of school for smoky, because the most students used cigarette or other thing.

We don't know appreciated the best opportunity of the life.

Reasons for graduated in three year

All students who graduated early have a big opportunity in the collage, and the university, and the work or whatever place.

why?

because the old person thinking that this type of person are responsible in all the thing.

Are a people responsible!

Why?

because when have a big responsibility never said 'NO' and have care for all thing.

Example:

I'm Generic_Name, I work in Bank Of America, today my boss need to leave early because He had a compromised with other important person, and He give me the responsibility for received the money of today.

Be carefully!

Why?

because they try to make with carefully the work or whatever thing.

Example:

My name is Generic_Name, and I work a company of cake, and my supervisor said me congratulation because you are very carefully with the work all the time.

My Idea!

I think all the people we have the best opportunity in the life to be a best person in the live,but the major opportunity is that when we have somebody is protected, and supported our decisions.

When we start the education needed to keep the marge for be the person who we want to be. The thing are best when we support all bad thing.

The best idea is continue with the school and be a good students, because all student that it is educated, they type students have a more opportunity that other who they don't want to be a best person in the future.

Why the younger people just thinking in pass the life in party or in the street?

Why now in day we see a kids abandoned in the street?

Because many mother don't have a good education for to have a compromise of the had a kids, this type of mother just thinking in that the drugs,alcohol,or party is the major thing.

Many mother having a bad decisions!

So is for that what we need to prepare for to make more easy our life.

Have a diploma of the High School is very important because we work less, and we have a good job,when we have a good job we have a lot money, and when this happened we are prepare for take a funny moment in our life, But just for that is not the base for make whatever thing, first we need think what we need to do!

We know that this life is so hurt, and is more hurt when we take a bad decision like not finish the school or don't put care to our thing for to be prospered.

Some time is good help take course when the people don't finish the school.

Example:

take a course for by the license, and put a beauty salon.

take a course for by idea how to have a company of electricity.

take a course for be some body also a little important in the life.

take a course for be a teacher of music.

We have so much course for prepare more when we don't finish the school.

Some time when a students go to the school, and they not finish is responsibility of the parent guardian because the parent need to see for the son or daughter keep going the school, I think when the students don't finish the school part of this is fault of the parents.

How we can finished the school, and how can I do graduated?

The things for to finished the school is:

Go to the school every day.

Make the homework.

Prepared for the quiz or test.

Pass all the SOL.

Pass all the classes.

When you make all the work in the classes or in the school, and you pass all the thing, you can graduated. If you not want to go to the collage, the diploma of the High School is very important for have a good job in your life.          