Some believes that there act of kindness around the world. That happen to me once with my friends. Two years ago,in 2017,me and my best friend,Generic_Name,are ready for our first day of middle school. We were excited to see each other,we were excited because Generic_Name moved 3 years ago, in third grade. I was sad at first but until my mom say that they move not that far,my mom takes me to his house every weekends. Now when we start school i gonna see him every day. It because we have the same class and i was happy we have the same classes together. When i got to school i see Generic_Name in a far distance and start running to each other like we never seen each other before for a very long time. Now we start learning classes together every day

We where in English class to do a act of kindness to your best friend or closes friend. I say i was gonna do with Generic_Name,but then Generic_Name mom called him from the front office to pick him up. i said to Generic_Name what going on,he said "i dont know". soon after he didnt came to school for four days i was getting worried if his family are okay. i called to him many time,but he did not answer. until Monday he came to school looking sad, i said,"what happen",he said that his grandma was very ill and might not make it .I felt sad too because his grandma was like my grandma. She been treating me like i was her grandson. Soon my mom took me to see the grandma to see if she okay.

Once i got home from visiting the grandma of Generic_Name,i was thinking what should i do to cheer up Generic_Name and his family. I was thinking for a full one hour,and then i was thinking why not buy them presents for the family. So on Sunday i went to the Nike shoe store,Walmart,target,and shoppers when i got there at Walmart i was thinking," what should i get for the mom and dad",While i was thinking i went to the Nike store next to Walmart to buy his older brother air force one,that cost about $299 dollars. I said why am i spending money on expensive stuff. Then i went to target to get a $50 dollars gift card for Generic_Name and his little brother. So in total it cost me $100 dollars. Then i went to buy balloons for the grandma, it say,"god is here to protect you". Right after, i went back to Walmart to buy a vase that cost me $42. Then i went to shoppers to buy flowers that cost $40 dollars because i got a lot of flowers to put in the vase.

On Monday we went to Generic_Name house to give the family gifts. First i give the shoes to the older brother,he seems really happy about the shoes. then i give Generic_Name a gift card as well as his little brother. Then i gave the mom a vase with flowers in them. then they ask me how much was it. i say almost about 432 dollars. They felt bad at first but i told them i had more money. Then i went to the hospital to visit the grandma to give her the balloons. She said thank you and bless your happy life.

i was crying when she said that. So after that we went to church to pray and pray. When me and Generic_Name got pick up it was good news that the grandma live. We went to have a party with their family. Then i present the act of kindness to the class and got a easy "A"So this is a story of act of kindness.                         