In my opinion it's not a good idea because in every country in world it's role that student have to study 12 yeaer in the then have to go to college. There is some people in the world that they would like to graduate early because they don't like school the only reason they don't like the school is that they wake up early and they can't sleep. If we graduate on the time then we can do something to the country. it's good if someone want to take courses because they will learn more things they will have more experiance.

In the other country's the rule in schools are every student have to study 12 years, 7 or 6 book in a book, 12 or 14 test two time in the year the one test is in the half year and the other test is in end of year. In other country after graduate every student of school have to take a big test for college or university in this test the score are start from 1 to 400 hundred the top score is 400 hundred if any one get the first position the president will gave him gift and some money also. The most university are 4 year but only docter have to study 7 years.

Our response is that to tell the student who want graduate early that it's not good to graduate early because you didn't learn anything you came to schools to learn something not for time pass. there is some student they are coming school for time pass they want to pass their time if you ask them a question they can't answer it for that reason we have to complete 4 year in high then graduate. If a student graduate early then college and university will hard for him because he did'nt learn the thing that he need it in the college or univerrsity.

Working in school time is not good for student, because he can't learn anything like in the morning he is coming to schools and after schools he is going to work and he is coming from work night and he sleep so when he will study if he did'nt study he can't graduate. it's rule that 18 year or over 18 have to work but someone is in the school and he is 18 it's not to work his family have to support him to study. It's family responsibilty to tell his child to study. when he gradute then he have to work because he dosen't have to study too much because collage is easy that school.

I hope they change the rule that when student finish thire class and pass ESOL than the are graduate, because the student will take the class that they need it to finish high school and they only focuse on the ESOL and the class that they need if they didn't study the other subjects then why thay make the class they make the class to study and learn something for that reason they have to make a new rule.    