Some reasons I'll be happy wrote something about my self is because i will be important is some one or some one will see they self in my self and then they will be happy to see the problem in other easy way I'll do the different to other person like me.

Other reason is because I will feel like finally I share my own story with the world and they will know how hard is lived in the world, for some people and how easy is for other.

When finally about my story they will put they face up and will feel like I'm not the only person with this life someone in the world have the same life I do now and the will be different and will said yes to the life they have in the present because all of us know how hard the problem are our own life.

I agree with him because him try to proud my own story and try to be different then others he thing about my experience and try to change what i did wrong in my life. He will change others life and what he is writing I will be happy with that because others guys will see what was wrong and what they have to change and they life. for example if i did something what i keep in my mind and I try to get back the time and now is to late is something what I can't do now I will fell like I help others to don't do what is wrong and they life. in sometimes we feel like terrible but we can change that when is the right time to do it but there is where we don't want to change anything in our way and when is to like we want to do something but is very late for some of us. but I will feel like wire when I'll see a book about myself because will be all what i did before and who I'm now. but the, Author Ralph Emerson wrote, my story because he though was important to to talk about other person and thing about what they do or what is going on in different's in some life and moved to others to change something but when we know any story or we red something the first thing we see on it is the what is important and what and what part describe the person in the story. when the author will writing something he get the all information he can can fist and then stars with the the important part to proud the feeling to reading that story.

the author like to share what he know ir what he investige fir others and try to moved others to grow up when they feel like they can follow the liofe but there is where they stop to something wrong tehy are doing at the time. for reasons like that is they like to we have author and good storys.