Generic_Name

Generic_Name

3rd period

11/08/2018

Former British prime minister Winston Churchill once said ''success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. you learn from your mistakes every time you fail in your live. you keep trying hard till you achieve what you want and studied hard for in life. failure leads to success and it is important for everyone to fail in life, failure plays an important role in our daily lives. failing does not always mean it is the end of the world you have chances in life to keep trying hard . everyone has always an experience of failure in life nobody every succeeded without failing in their lives.

First when you fail sometimes you get disappointed and say am never going to succeed in life but when you see the mistake you did the first time you try hard until you pass it. for example last year i failed my world history exam i was so disappointed that i did not want to retake again but our teacher gave me the paper back to see what i did wrong i saw that i did not read the question.

from that day on i began reading my questions and i got the highest grade in class. i learned i should always read my questions before answering because if i do not read i will fail again and i did not want to retake the test again, when i read the question and i finally began to understand the question. i learned that i should always read my questions even if am in a hurry to go and it does not matter the situation reading a question is important. i learned that guessing is not good sometimes it results in failing, i should study the night before a test.

Second a person should always learn how to study hard on everything you are given even if it is hard just try your best. last year when i gave my mum my world history final exam results she told me that i should try hard and she knows i can pass the test i told her that i will but am scared to take it again. my mum made sure that i studies every day and one day when i stayed after school for extra help. i also achieved passing this world history by trying my best to understand what the question is asking . paying attention in class also made me pass not only the final exam but also the class.

when i passed this exam i was so excited because i studied hard to get at least a eighty nine on the final exam and i was also passing the class and i was understanding my work i was also on top of my assignments.

Third failing something you took for the first time is not a bad thing it tell you that you need to keep working hard. for example one day i came back home crying and my mum asked what was wrong and i told her am still failing the world history exam. she told me that failing does not make me dumb it simply tells me that i need to correct my mistakes. she also told me that as a kid she also was failing her classes but she tried hard and hard and she now is very successful at wok. i also asked her how can i be successful? she told me that keep trying your best even if it is not your best accomplishment. she also told me that she would always be proud of me because she sees me working hard and trying to do my best. when i finally studied a lot and re-took the same test and passed it i was very proud of myself and said failure always leads to success.

however, some people may say that failure does not play a big role in your life because there are other ways to suceed. you will always suceed anything in life withour failing, you do not need to work hard for what you want and you can always achieve everything as long as you do it. but they are wrong because failure is always the number one thing that leads people to sucess. failing leads you to try hard in life you learn from your mistakes. when you fail it does not mean it is the end of the world. you keep trying hard till you achieve what you want and studied hard for in life. failure leads to success and it is important for everyone to fail in life, failure plays an important role in our daily lives.