The Primer Minister Winston Churrchill once said that "success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm." And the question is about angree or desag.

My opinion is desagree because the Primer Minister wiston not is try to motivate to onther person to do again. First,reason when something person loss manytime something and feel what if continue does again can obtain something good in the future. Because never said end. Second, reason the failure plays inthe life a paper strong in the life of every person in the world. But when any person not try more time that one is clear that is going to failure and never feel what is obtain something good in the futured. The decition every person have nothing can said what try againt. The decition is of your selft. My position is what if I whole my life said not and not continue consist in something never can obtain something.

When have the oportunity of obtain something and gain something never say I failure least when have a enthusiasm of obtain. Never person have the right to says you never can't do. forever cave you personas negatives and thoght negative in the life. But every pesona have the right to attain something. For example: I have goals in my life what is gradution and have my diploma and can continue in the college. For can gain this gold and my dream i have enthusiasn and an person positive. Also if I have failure in my gold I have of up and againt.

Form not failure has try more of one times. The reasons are clear if an have enthusiasm for something I loss the possible to go back to againt. I also think what the Prime Minister Winstor Churchill loss something for what the that try todo is what the person not continue there are and losss your enthusiasm for something what hill obtain. There are many success about failure but the failure arrive when the problem don't have solution. Becasuse also have the right to fight for obtain the solocion to the failure.

When us arrive to the failure have the right of to do again but other form. Sometime the life us play's different suitation what think that not obtain solution but many pesons said what there are form all have solution lest when an dead. These is other example when one person dead and before to dead have failure many time in yours objetives an don't know say there are fight for obtain the solution.

The life arrow as the world an never have the solution in the hand to all problems butnot signific what noy have solution. Never there are said not can't. The final of failure forever have solution. Is as when an company is goint to bankarrot. They try to share solution form the failure. For there nevere said that no can't share solution to the every failure.

My conclusion is that never lost the energy for figth for the solution. Forever cave sometihing what have hopeful in your self. No lost yor hope eve search the solution to the failure.                                                                                                                                                                                                                  