I say no becuase you cannot jude somonw by there first impressions has a person. It would be nice getting to know the person and if their imature its fine from first impressions. Getting to know who the person is by askin them about them self not just be like of there not good enough. For a example if someone is tired and your gunna be like oh their lazy you cant just base them from there firsr impresstions.

Is it impossible to change no its not impposble because it i ur mentality. In life nothing is inpossible you can easily chnage to a whole diffrent lets say, your a very mean person you can always change and be super nice to everyone. You can always change for who you are and for me i was very quiet i would never wanna go talk to poeple because i was really shy with people but now i like to talking to everyone else and i dont care who the person is i always introduce my self.

So i strongly agree with this statement you cannot jude someone by their first impressions some people thought i was really mean when they first met me bcause i would be tired end of the day and i wouldnt walk people because i was lazy and i didnt have that enery to talk. Thats why i changed my mentality so people would not call me lazy because its anoying so thats why i changed my whole life around i didnt wanna be so the same so i just changed, that made me super happy just for having a new life style.

When someone says it is impossible to change their wrong because they dont belive in them selfs that they can change has a new perosn i didnt think i was going to be a whole new diffrent person. and now i do really like who i am always smileing. Back then i would not like to smile i was a really boring person. I wont lie i have based poeple have their first impressions and be like dam there not cool people and end of the day they are cool people. So it is not good juding someone to fast so in my opion i say yes i stronlgy agree.

from Generic_Name                                                                                                                            