People don't have own decision becuase they like decision for others person?

People like decision for other person because they have more experiense for there future.

Some people need to go guide for talk to conselor because they need someone to have confidently with that person. example: people have to make good decision and confidently they life.

Old people have to make they own ideas because is help own ideas becuase they are olders and they have more experience from his heavy?

they have to make ideas with own life because is important to make own ideas because is help in the future.

people have to do ideas with own life because in the future when they have own family and they have experience from they parent. Example: parent have to make desicions for they son and daughter for they have good future and they life.

Some people have good decision is because they confidently with own life?

people who make good decision is becuase they cofidently with own life and experience when they are young.

some people when they are young have good decision becuase they think first to have one or two decision or they ask they perant from what opinion for that decision they have.

Example: When we are young we make good decision for future but with the advice of the parent.

They have lesson for make good decision for have good life?

because people have many lesson for they future and they life but they have one counselor for they can talk any day they can go with counselor to they can make good decision or thye can talk about life or problem.

becuse they have to trust life for decision and make good ideas for they life.

Example: People have to trust more and they life for have good lesson and good decision.

I am agree people need to make good decisions and they need to have good ideas for they life they need to have counselor for they can talk when people need to talk because somepeople need to have experiense for they life and they future sometime people can mot make good decisions and they need to talk with other person who have confidently for his can make that decision his have and his mind and they need to change the good decision with other person for they can thing about that decision some people take some position for make good ideas for change they life or future that more important and they life is matters what they think for have good family and they life. I agree with this because some people have alot problem and they life people and they can not make good ideas and good decision i hunderstand that because when we have problem and life is dificul to make good decision and make idaes some student have good decision and they make alot thing for they can help and they life because they think they want good future for they life and they want to make good ideas for they life because they want parent happy about good decision they have and they life because that ideas they have is more different of other student have good ides.       