The ancient Greek storyteller Aesop said,"No act of kindness, no matter how small,is ever wasted."

In the futerch there will be more acts of kindness that way we can be happy with one another

I hope that I am right about there being more acts of kindness ,but there are not a lot of people who do acts of kindness. I feel that people should do more acts of kindness. If you have time go to a nursing home and bring flowers to the elderly women. You can make a now friend by doing something kind ,or by just being nines to them. We all have to do something for a act of kindness also by doing something like that you feel better about your self before you help someone. Make your friend happy by doing something kind for them because you never know what they are going though. You also never know what someone else is going though ether.

I think what the Greek storyteller Aesop is trying to say is just be kind to people. Doing a act of kindness can make someone happy if they had a bad day. For Example,if you help them water there plants you can make them happy. A good way to do a act of kindness is by helping your mom Cooke diner another way you can help is by doing something you don't have to be asked to do. We all have those day were it is just a bad one and you dont want to do any thing well if someone does something for you with them not knowing you had a bad day at school or at work. there should be more people to do something kind to other people.

For Example, it a trash day were it came later then before me, and my step brother had to take the trash done to the side of the road. Will there was elderly layde that was outside when i was outside. in the place

I lived in there were always contortion going on. when we were my step brother had to get something and i stayed outside when the workers began to work aging. When they starred they scared the lady that was outside. I had to make a diction on if I should go in and get my mom or go to the lady that fell. I got my mom and went to her then my mom called 911

to come get her. When you do a good thing for someone they feel happy even if it is a small thing you do for them. That's why we need more people to do more acts of kindness.