I think that there should be a after school homework club because its hard to understand homework sometimes and you dont know what you are doing exactly but if we were to have these clubs think about how many students would get there work done . We might think that homework isnt important but it is homework is worth 10 percent of your grade and sure that might not be a lot but it could really help your grade. And it could really help you like when it comes to test you could know the matrial you need for this test if you did that one piece of homework that one piece of homework could have helped you past that test you probly failed or quiz . Also some students dont understand the work the teachers give like when you dont understand that class work you were doing in that class how do the teachers expect that the student bring in there homework .

I hard for students to learn middle school student have a lot to do for example students have to worry about getting homework done for all 7 of these classes it isnt easy . Most teachers might give more than one piece of homework some might give 2 some might give 3

pieces of homework .

Students could also ask about what they dont understand they will help students in what they dont understand or what they didnt understand in that lesson that they had .The teacher will explain what you didnt understand , some students just dont have time so maybe that one day that can stay afterschool could help them get all that students homework done . Also help them undestand not just give that student the answer to the question they would actually learn and that . This also will get students grades up and might take a B to and A

. It will not only help the students but the school to because if these student are getting there homework done then that will make the school look better . Teacher will also know that students are getting there work done and not just getting the anwser like some students do now when it comes to homework . Other students that are cabelble of doing this work on there own but have a hard time turning the homework in on time and if the school had a afterschool club this it homework wouldnt be a problem .

In conclusion this club would be really good to have because homework is a big issue in alot of these schools and most students dont care or dont understand how much homework matters it matters so much you probly wonder. Why you didnt pass this test or why couldnt pass this quiz you took maybe if you did that homework you could have past the test , quiz also home plays a big role in school teachers give studnets homework so we can get better at that subject it easier for students not to care about homework ''BECAUSE IT DOESNT MATTER'' but it does and. No matter how many time you try to tell yourself it doesnt matter it does and that is not going to change so do your homework and if this afterschool club happend then homework will be one less thing to worry about . I think that if the school had this club it would really help studnets in school and help really understand the work and homework and help them be less stress because it it alot of work for you to get done and espcially if you dont get the work you need to do . Also students would be happy that they got there homework done now they can do whatever they want afterschool becaus ewhat was taking up most of there afternoon is now done .