Technology allows people to complete many tasks without having contact with others.

People can checkout books, shop, and play games without speaking to another person.

Has the limitation of human concact due to the use of technology had positive or negative effects on people's lives?

Towards to technology, lack of communication is going to ruin our human sociaty.

Especially when phones are advancing in the next years.

One day, technology will take over the human population.

Say this, one day a boy meets this girl from school and they were talking through a social media,

but one day, they thought to meet up in person and when they saw each other, it was really awkward at first, but then they became very good friends. So they started to go to the movies, the mall, restuarants, and etc.

They started as two random strangers to having a, boyfriend and girlfriend relationship. Saying this to someone is really touching, because liking someone is to die for, but there's rules to follow and things to do and not just kissing or making love, its being there for them and hopefully you'll be there too.

Meeting that special person is a blessing, because for so long people have been trying to talk to this special someone,

but its really hard to confess it through person, but throught a screen is pretty easy, but do you really mean it?

Saying "I love you" means alot to someone, but actually saying it over and over again, it just warms my heart to say this, but i think im in love. Not just saying to make people to break through a screen, because saying "i wanna break up" it really just says you do not have the heart to say it to their face. Honestly everyone who does this, should just atleast try it and see what's more than life, then just being on the phone most of the day.

Once the day comes everyone will just destroy their own phone to prevent from robot abomination.

Sticking together as one, we can stop phone users and type of electronic device to end this obsession once and for all. Opening up to someone, its like a flower is about to blossum. Seeing that special someone is a delight!

Through peoples lives this is a negative thing toward human lives. Knowing that someday we will come together as human beings and sttle this like us!