Summer vacation is a good break for the students to spend time with their family, also a good way to take a break form school and your annoying classes, to take some rest, change your mind, and think about what will you change, when you go back to school, also taking a long summer vacation will get yourself out of stress. you will be able to do other think than just memorizing stuff you don't need in a real life, that's why it's not a good idea to reduce students summer break just because educators say so, we need to have some fun and start learning new stuff about the path we want to take in our life.

First of all taking a long summer break will restore ourselves, it will change our personally there might be people that are devastated from getting bullied at school, some people that have stress and don't want to talk about it and need some time to think about it, some that fail the SOL,and are failing a class, and never want to repeated again, or get ready for summer school, some that need to get ready for the next school year. we need time to do all those stuff and make our life better, when we come back from summer vacation. Summer vacation also give us the opportunity to get a job and save money, two months is pretty enough to get you at least much money. Some students that take care of themselves need to have more time to get ready for the next school season, so they can buy what they need such as: school supplies,clothes, ETC..... summer vacation need to be long enough so we can spend time with our family. school is not our family but home, the only reasons most students come to school this day are to make new friends.

Second think school is worthless, we dont need to go to school for that long what we need is to work hard to achieve our dream, and have some fun with life, that's all we need, and if we stay in school for a year and spend less time at home, we will not be able to communicate well with our family, this is not a good idea, there are people that went to school, and got their high school diploma, went to college for 2 years, and are still working at McDonald for few money, that means they just waste a lot of time at school this whole year and didn't get any good from it, so if we stay at school for a year, we will then spent 12 year getting educated, and still not achieve our dream, still going to have a job at a fast food restaurant. we need a longer break so we can recover form school stress and spend time with our family, school now last for 10 month and summer vacation last for 2 months and a half, so we should leave it like that.

Third thing is taking off one week off spring break and fall break is really a bad idea, why because we need to have some rest and some fun. who want that, no one want a week off spring break and also a week off fall break. what, that's insane, we are going to do a year at school and get only a total of 1 months off out of 12 months what, no, that is a bad idea, if we get a year of school , how are we going to get 3 week or 4 week of summer vacation there will be no summer vacation. School start in September and finish in June so, when we will have a year of school we will be finishing in August that make 12 months of school, so where is the summer vacation break.

so some people might disagree with me, but i think that what we should do is change the school system. so lets say some students like school and want to get to the higher level.

i'm sure that they have families and have to rest. for example; let's take a place of a student that want to be a athlete, and is learning math, science, economics, and other stuff for 12 years without getting any lessons from the the types of athlete he want to be, so that's kind of bad and not good, why because getting educated for something you don't have any interest in or you don't like at all, it's not good. we can say math might help you a bit, but not everybody want the same things, also not getting a long break will weaken our brain.

Every country have the same system break as us, not all but at least FRANCE has the same as the U.S, by changing our break time it might affect other countries, students will have more stress and will not have fun at home with their family, parent might also complain about changing the break and going to school for a year, by the way every time we come for a new school season we learn new things and different things, At least half of what we learn just come in some of the topic, we will not have the same class as last school season, but new one and new different topic, you will only have the same stuff to learn, if you fail the class or if you the SOL in that class, and that's why we need a longer break so we can focus more on that in the break time and won't fail no more next school season.

Family over school, family is the most important thing, i'm don't know anyone that dont like his families members, so let's said that we should not reduce the school break, or go to school for one year, we should also change the school system so we can put students in what they are trying to become the future they want to build, the future might need more people that could do a lot of different stuff, we might need help for, then let's agree that going to school for one year is not worth it for some students and reducing the summer vacation is a bad idea.