i disagree, because of each people in the world still require of help of somebody, if not any peoples can believe that are most that other and with his strengh and ego can to get anythings without help of nobody or only they think follow his intincts and ideas without before they could hear any advise of people that are victorious in the life as in the job for what they always in his mind and heart to know follow advise. In the world still there people very specials that God or the destint to give in our life for help in moments diffilcult that all people in his life occur.

For this, is that i think that each people still need of other people for create a life most easy for his family and us and we can live with calm that take the best decisions in our life and here any reasons for that are very important the advice to take decisions in ours life:

"Still there somebody for you "

Each people most reliace in his life , always there necessity of any people that can to give advise of as " what to need to do" or " how could you make it ". Always they think that are people fortunates for that , has a person that is still prepared tom give any advise without receive something to change. But for other part the people that are unpleasant , without humility, or intolerant to advise can to fall in decisions very hard that may be can affect your life as the your family, only for not seek help with experts or friends that if has experiences in situations similar to yours decisions. Also we should to be still grateful with people that our help with his advice and why not , we can to help to other people in his life such a avoid a bad consequence in his life.

''Seek rather to perform''

Everybody should to search to peoples that can to help in decisions specifics in the life that can result terrible in ours life, for this is most better hear to person that has a lot experiences in importants matters of the life, later they could to refect that way can to give you the decision . they can think whether is correct or not and create situations for each decisions that take you and that influence would has in your life ,also they shall hear differents point to view for is very certainly of your decisions. Nevertheless , we perfom rather of view or hear differents opinions and actions of people that has experiences good as bad in his decisions. For this, the first step in a situation like this, is seek and seek help of any kind as the friends, professionals, experts, or authorities that know the importance to take a good decision in an important matters in our life.

"Perseverance and Humility"

Always in ours life should to exist the humility, and we believe that everything known and not is necessary seek to experts or receive any advice , but this is a great mistake in the life and for consequence to get failure, disilusionment, or to be alone . Only for follow ours own instincts and ideas without see towards the future and we think that only with our knowledge and intelligence, we believe what we are "the best" in this world and that nobody exist , because we have of power, also what happenned not result as we are waiting. after, only for not assets seek experts for that we to give advise of how to confront our decision or how find the best decision without wait a bad result . always has hope that if we hear advice is a little most easy we take the decision.

Always we should to be very carefulness to moment to choose it. Never allow that our mind or think that is it better for us without rather hear advice and reflect about if is or not the correct decisions in this matters.

In conclusion

, all people of the world needs any help to surpass a moment difficult in life, for this , each people should and has that seek and hear different help for take any decisions , if that ours instincts and ideas could not to give still the better answer to a matters,also in each moment we find to a person that can to give any advice that may be has any doubt and we leave to carry for the mind and is most better seek a specialists or friends that has any experience in same decisions. We living in a world very development that is very easy to search to professionals as psichologist that can help in mistake in ours mind as sexologist for help about mistake on a relationship and as this examples also there people experts in differents kind of situations that can help to take the better decision. Nevertheless , each people should be humble, because still to around of youir life find to people that still is ready for you in any moment that you should necessary his help or advice for any situation that you shall is happen , always receive the advice of the better way , after you are a advicer for other people that is in a situation very alike.