Do you think it is good decision to make school longer? When i was in my home country schools was only for six hours i disagree that schools extend two hours a day because the students will lost their focus, teachers will get tired from standing more than two hours, and some of the student will change their high school.

The student will lost their focus for example when i was in Afghanistan our school was from 8 to 12 and we where tired from listening to teachers. However, when i came to united state it was tough for many reason. for instance

When i came to united state it was so hard for me to get up at six and come home at two o clock. In addition if we have school ten hours of school each day the student and the people who work inside the school they all will get tired of school and student will not learn the teachers will get tired of teaching ten hours a day. Teachers will get tired of sanding for example they teach more than two hundred student a day so they will get tired and they teach for tomorrow. Once students get tired they will lost the focus form the teachers and they will start to talking with each other playing around the classroom or they will using their cell phones taxing their friends planning to skip their classes or panning to drop out of schools. The student will not get everything in their mind they will forget it for the next day. Maybe some student come to school and stay at school longer than seven hours a day but maybe some student cant stay longer than seven hours a day because maybe they work after school or maybe doing some think at home for example maybe they take cares of their little brothers or sisters or maybe they clean up the house. Teachers will get so tired because they will talking all day long explaining the chapter and students will not listening to them. Some students will change their schools because they doesnt want to be at schools more than six or seven hours a day. And also those who works in the schools it will be hard for them to clean up the schools the bad rooms or to cook food for students and than after that they have to wash ever think for next students that are coming after A lunch.

In conclusion, imagine you dismiss on the usual time of school. I wish that we dismiss from school on the usual time. I hope all the decision maker wonder how much students get tired and stress.