I went to visit the manager of the Amazon company. I was saw that the company have most production, and would like to work here. The part that i would like to work in this company is because, my friends and my sister work in Amazon. Some people say that is so hard work here, but is one challenge that i want to take.

The Amazon company is a big conmpany that lots people work and another people would like to work too.

If i can have this job i would like to learn in the area of box empacking. I want to work because, i have dreams in my life and things that i would like to be.

If you like that i take the first week for learn more about the job, i can do. Also i was investigated that the company don't paid the first week, but is not the problem for me, because the thing is that i want to have a job in this company. I want to go to the college in the afternoon and work in the morning, this is to be good opportunity for me and my parents. I need to need to work for help my parents with my expenses of the university, and the things that i need to buy. In the university i need much clothes and shoes and anothers things that i need to buy, is for this that i want to have my own job.

If the manager give me this job i have lots opportunities in my life that i can to be, but the first if i can help my parents and my studies, my families that i have in my country Generic_City, i can help them more.

The people that have underdeveloped have majority the opportunities in the life and in the own dreams. Is for this that when we can do help the people that need, we need to do. I know that is so complicated to learn the job that i want to do, but all people can learn and try every day. Because the necessity is big when you don't have nobody that can help you when you need something. When you work is more easy for you can buy the that you need and another things that you want to do. Some days that i have problems in my life is so hard not can have money and people that i can help me, but if i can get job is more easy can do my all things that i need. So if i can take this job in the company i would like to buy my own car too. For that my father and mother do not have buy everthing that i want, and not have that use my father cars. I can do hair, so i was working in the beauty Generic_Name, but i was had some problems with the one lady that wanted that i do her hair and i resigned my post. Because my boss everyday when the people came to the Salon, she said you sit down and don't do nothing. So i don't was make money, and my minimum charge was only $150 dollar all weekend, and i was help my parents to pay the rent. If i wanted something i can't buy. But all things that i passed was experience from my life that help me everyday i can follow the that my parents told me.

I want to live one good experience in my life with one good job that can help me to be in calm with my life. Can live everyday in happy, peace etc. I promisse learn everyday that i can do my work.

I want this job, is my challenge now and one of my dreams, so you know if you can help now that i want your help with this new job.

I am very interested with this job and this company. This company is the dreams of lots students and people that want to work, and everyday i heard when they said i want to work in Amazon Company and also they love buy something online. And i love too... Is my favorite shop online. I buy my clothes and shoes in Amazon. I think is why i would like to work in Amazon, because i love. I love the big company that is, and the big team that they have.

With the money that i can make everyday with the hours that i can do every weeks and i can do some things in my life that i can help me everyday, and i would like to do top quality hours the all weekend too. Because if i work more i make more money too, so is the what i need now in my life, make more money for my university and help my family. This is one of my good opportunity that i have now, and i foccused in this i can do it.

During the time when i was live in Generic_City, i can was learn i little be of can empacking in the Bodega and anothers store that my father had, But when i hearn about this opportunity that you and your big company that you work to i was think that is my big opportunity to work here, and can do what i want.

But most can learn all things that you do.

I know that i need to know what i need to do, but if can practice for one or two weeks and can learn more and you can give one better position in the company. This to be better for me and my life. So i want this work now that i graduated for my High school and when i go to the university can help me with my studies and all things that i need.

Also i forget told you, that this all thing that i want now in my life is because, when my brother died i only stay living with my parents and they sometimes can help when i need something. The majority the time my brother was the only people that help when i need something. This is one the thing that affect in my life now that i only have my parents, and i know that i told you much about my life, but you know that now i need this job more than never.

I want to be the only girl that my parents have can help them, and that they are my example to my street.

My parents are my inspiration to i can have a good job that i can help them and i to be how the person that help in my house. In my country my father always told me; Generic_Name you need to be big in the life, because your are my only child that i have now and you need to learn about the work and things that we can hace in the street.

So this is the only that i can do, so you have de last word that you can thing. I am here, you know if i work with you. thanks.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   