Working by your self vs. working with a group.

Why it is important to work by your self? What are the beneficial? Think about it; Work by your self is better than work with a group for many reasons. Work on your own is more beneficial than work with a group learn more, more attention and good grades.

Generic_Name was a student that likes to go to school, he woke up every morning like a normal student does, but the thing is that Generic_Name do not likes is work on his own he prefer work in a group and not by its self because he likes to distract others by talking, playing,be in his phone instead on what he needs to focus on. The time keeps going and going. One day a wise person said

" The time keeps going and going and wait for no body.''

There was another guy called Generic_Name. Generic_Name against work as a group because he knows that is a distraction and he don not likes to have bad grades. Generic_Name made a scientific experiment his experiment is based on the idea of work in a group or work alone. He talk with his teacher and explain his idea, the teacher agree with Generic_Name's idea. The teacher gives a worksheet to the student that were in the class and the teacher said you may work on your own or in a group.

The result was like Generic_Name thoughts were like, the students who work by them selves demonstrate good work, perfect scores and they did not took long time to finish the work and they were able to help others students. But the other group of students who choose work as group they show something different than the other students that work by them selves, they did not finish the work, others not even start the work between those groups was Generic_Name.

One day Generic_Name met Generic_Name at his house to play a video game. Generic_Name went to Generic_Name house and they start playing the game, while they are playing Generic_Name start ask a lot of question between those question he ask. Why you always work by your self? and not work in a group?

he laugh and answer the questions. I prefer work by my self because I easily distract with my friends, or I start talking with them and I do not finish any of my work. Generic_Name said something especial to Generic_Name. Understand this Generic_Name, work by your self is not the bad you learn, you prepare more your self, more instead of coping someones work. Think abut when a test, quiz, or an Sol comes up. Nobody will there to help you out and you do not know what to do. Please do not take mad at me I just want to help you, Generic_Name said don not worry, I appreciate the word that you said to me.

Generic_Name think over night the words that Generic_Name told him while they were playing, at the next day Generic_Name try to do what Generic_Name does and he found a big surprise that he can do a better job by its self, and time was passing and Generic_Name notice that his grades went up, have more time in home his teacher was surprise on the huge change that

Generic_Name had.

In conclusion work on your own is not a bad decision. Work on your own help to grow in knowledge, successful in life and not depen on others, try the vest to help other and must important to help you.  