I agree that the possitive attitude is the key to sucess in life. The reason why a lot of people agree with me in this subject, is because lot of people that have a negative attitude or minset, their thoughs or ideas would always be negative. All those people would never be sucess in life, because no matter what they would like to do in life or the ideas they have in their head that they wanna do in life. All thoose people would always have that negative spot in their head, that would not let them success in life, all those people would have to work two times harder to make it to the end, to make their dreams come true and sucess in life. Out of 100% of pople that have a negative attitude or minset, only 10% would sucess in life, the other 90% would not be able to sucess in life.

The people that have a positive attitude in life, all those people would success in life, because everything would be easy for them, because no matter how hard the situation gets, they always gone think that they can do it. They always have the minset of we would get throught this and we gone do it and can do it. nothing would stop them from making their dreams come true. They would not let anything get into their heads, that is why for all those people is easy to make it unitl the end, to make their dreams come true and be successful in life, because all those people know what they wanna do in their life and because they want the best for them and to give their family the best in the future.

The people with their mind set positiveand 100% sure of what they wanna do with thei life, their reasons can be because they want a better life for them, wanna help other people and been an example for other people, like guys or girls that are about to gradute high school that they would start seeing what the real wolrd world is, they wanna give their families a better future. They wanna be a good example for their kids, they wanna show their kids that no matter how hard life gets, they do not need to give up or have a bad attitude in life, because that would not help them to be successful in life, that they need to stay positive no matter what and always keep their attitude and minset postitive, that if they stay positive, they would success in life and would make all their dreams come true.

Geting to a conclusion, lot of people would agree that all the people that have a negative mindset would not make it and be success in life and that it would really hard for them, because they would have that minset that they not gone make it and they would always have a negative thought in their head, that would not let them make their dreams come true. In the other side people knows that they people that have a posstive mind set they would make all their dreams come true, that those people would be a great example for other people to make their dreams come true, those people have their minset that they wanna be better for their life and the future, because they wanna be a good example for their kids and their family. They want other people to see that nothing is impossible in this life that everyone can make it and make all their dreams come true. All they need to have is. A positive attitude to be success in life        