Having good attitude can be helpful by, helping others when they have a hard time in something, and when you and I are going through tough times, you can also have a good attitue a good minset on what your doing.

A way of having a good attitude is by seeing things n the bright side of things, even though it's bad. Another reason why having a good attitude is important, is because people appreciate when someone gives them a good feeling either their sad or mad. Another reason why its important to have a good attitude is becasue you get things done properly, for an example, when you have to do a project due in two days you take your time and don't rush, you do things with a good attitude. If not your project will be at the end a mess, and you're going to be frusterated.

Having a good atitude is impotant because, you can help other when they're going trough tough times, for an example, whn my mom was sick and she was dealing with asma, we had to take her to the ER mant times. It was sad for me to see her all sick, not only that but she was pregnat and could'nrt anything because she had acid reflux. So whenever she felt sad and stressed out, I knew I had to support her and have a good attitude. By having a good attitude I had to help her with some house hold things because she could'nt really do anything.

Another reason of having a good attitude is by also having a good mindset, because when you have a good minset you can go through your tough times easly. And when you are stresse out abput something you have to have a good minset and a good attitude. For an example when I had to deal with by spine problembecause my disk was moved,I had to hae a good attitude because if I am ther complaining about my pain, it's not going to help me. So if I just relax and take rest and tak my medications then I will have a good attitude, because I know that everything will be okay.

So this is why having a good attitude is very helpful, because you can help others when they are going through tough times, or whenever you and I are going through tough times, and how it helps you succed in things.