Do you think imagination is more important than knowledge? Well have you ever wonder how the first computer was made or how the first lightbulb was made? It all started with a imagination, if the person who made a lightbulb never had a imagination of building a lightbulb we will be using candles for a source of light. How a about google, snapchat or even, books it all started with a imagination. Thats why I think imagination is more important than knowledge.

We all know knowledge is very important but with out imagination we cant think or read because imagination is the key to knowledge. Without imagination we cant think and when we cant think we cant learn or solve every day problems. Knowledge did not just exist like that is was made how? By imagination thats why why learn and do things.

You can be the smartest person in the world but if you dont have a imagination you cant help the solve world problems like how to poverty. Imagination is very important because with out it our lives will be more difficult for example with out cars we wont be able to go to work or go places and without phones it will be harder to communicate. The reason we have cars books and computers is not because knowledge but because of imagination. Thats why Imagination is the key to knowledge.

Imagination is very important, why you may ask, well with out imagination we cant think of new ways to solve problems or read. Lets say imagination was never a thing we wont know how to read or count to 10 because imagination is the key to knowlege Without imagination we will be having a lot of problems like how to comunicate, read, think, or even count to 10 thats why imagination is important.

With out imagination we as people cant make new things like books, art, or even better things thats why imagination is very important in may ways. Imagination is the key to making new things like cars, phones, computers, books, with out imagination we wont have things like cars, or phones. It takes alot of thinking to make new and helpful things. If imagination was never a thing their never have been numbers, books, or even a language.

Imagination is how we have things like google, computers, cars, books, and with out imagination we cant think of new ways it make the world a better place.

Imagination is why we as people are advancing and getting smarter every day. Anything is possible if you can believe and think. Thats why imagination is vary inportant is many ways.