This someone i will talk about is important, because he is my father,

.1. my father is someone important for me because he is the man that takes care of me from the day i born,

.2. he is so nice,

.3. he never get mad from me.

.4

. he always good with any body

.5

. he help people who need help

.6

.he is so generous with us.

EVERY MOMENT AND EVRY DAY I spend it with my dad i learn something important and useful from him about any thing,As we know our parents are older than us so they had more experience than any of us also they help us in many things and when when we need any thing or we dont know what to do in any situation at any time ,every adults experiences who ever they are they have to be learn from any situation they put in so they may be know what to do so we must know from them to not put in this situation.

Thats why we have to share information, all of this things that is my parents done and told me about and they also told me about what they do at the past and what shouldnt i do now or any time and, there advises and stories helps me always to not fall in trouble so i must do what they told me; as we know there is a reason for every thing and the reason for why i love my parents because my dad and my mom work and have more experience in their job to told me about and for my collage, and they are the important people that care about me,and their experience can help me in my future job a lot.

Sometimes my father takes us to the place that there is a lot of old people there to se mt grand mother and every old man or lady tell us beautiful stories about what is the interesting things they do in there past and what are they jobs and what must they do in their jobs and my grand father there told me about his past in military and what he do in it and where did he go with the army in a period of time.

from the last paragraph about what i said i took more experience in jobs and another things but the most thing i got from this stories is wisdom i cant write it but i know what it means, it means that share experience and wisdom with other people to make them learn what to do in any time to make it pass from grandfathers to fathers to sons .