People in the day a day allow characters to be shape base in others personal opinion. Understandable people care about what and how others think about them. Especially if they are important persons like friends,family,or girlfriend in those cases People get afraid to loose them or make them unhappy.

"JOHN LUBBOCK" once wrote a amazing quote that speaks the true. "your character will be what you yourself choose to make of it. that quote along changed my mindset, many people would disagree with John and his way of thinking but i personal agree with what he wrote,theres a lot of true behind his words, People shouldn't focus about others opinions or let bad experiences or events shape its character. I personal believe characters arent beyond our control after all we are the ones that control our way of thinking and reacting to them. My self has seen my tree closes friends Generic_Name,Generic_Name and Generic_Name ended up really bad after they decide to let bad events,experiences, and opinions shape the way of their characters.

Generic_Name one of my closest friend decided to let one big events shape his character and at the end everything went wrong for my dear friend. When he was a little kid he contently got hit by his parents in he grew up mad and he started using violence at school he would get in trouble all the time and his parents would get super mad and would use violence against him too they say it was to "teach him a lesson" everything went like that for him until many years passed and he got married and he contently used violence every time she did something wrong, he was mad about what its parents did to him so he would always hit his wife until one day he end up killing her and himself.

Generic_Name my other close friend let experiences shape his character in a bad way.

when he was a young man falling a love with pretty girls many of those girls just wanted to play with his feelings. Those girls never took him seriously until one day he got tired of the way girls would treat him and he loose feeling and he become just like those girls he didn't like at first. My friend Generic_Name started playing with girls feeling and he end up by him self and never finding true love, one he got true love but bad experiences make him loose feelings for all females and he played the one true love he had.

Generic_Name friend of mine let opinions got the best of him, he was contently trying to be someone he wasn't just so people he love would love him back but at the end he was just hurting him self because he wasn't happy like that he was just lying to himself and acting for other people.

people dont let bad experiences events or opinion to shape the character you yourself control or every one would end up like my friends that decided to let others control what they would have to.                                                                             