Generic_Name

Todays technology allows people to do many different tasks without having contact with others in a positive way. Technology today is now making it easier for us humans to do things and also showing us what the furture could look like in a couple of years. Why would this be a negative thing ? if people are just trying to make are lives easier. For an example lets say you need to get some where but fast and you don't have a ride there is now a app where you send your location and give the address to place you need to go and somebody will take you. Technology is such a great thing and its becoming greater each and everyday.

There are many different types of apps that you can download on your phone today for anything. lets say that your at home and your really hungry but you don't want to leave the house you can download an app called grubhub that will make sure you dont miss a meal. what is grubhub its an app that delivers food from anywhere. All you do is tell the person what you want to eat the location of the place to pick up the food and your address so they know where to drop it off. And its that easy this thing that we call a phone can make all this happen with a little bit of typing. these apps are for free too but it may cost for the food but not everything is free in life.

Computers are also a big part of technology. Computers and laptops are used everyday could be for school for work for anything. Computers help out a lot in school for anyone who needs to do research and any type of information he or she did not know about. Laptops are great aswell its a computers that folds and is for on the go great for anyone that travels a lot or somebody that works on computers alot. Laptops are becoming better everyday there are even touch screen ones some that fold backwards and its crazy to think about because what do you think is going to happen a couple years from now technology is perparing us for the furture.

Technology is making our lives easir each and everyday. With out technology I wouldn't be able to take this take I wouldn't be able to the police if I'm in danger. Its a great use for us humans this will never be a negative thing to me. We need technology in our lives so we know whats going on around us. Technology is a use and it always will be.