The author Ralph Waldo Emeson wrote, ''to be yourself in a world that constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment .''

I agree with Emerson statement about individuality because I've actually seen people end up in big problems tryng to pretend for the world. . In the world we live in we can't even hide from the act because its in out tv's and advertisement . If I'm being honest there is no benefit from this whole act of changing for the world in order for them to like you .

My favorite rap artist is Tekashie Sixnine who has recently been on the charts and hot 100 in America for his songs .

The main reason he got all those views and streams was because he was puttting up a front and prenting to being someone else in his lyrics . This artist has even been also been skating on thin ice for awhile . He has also created and posted on the internet videos of him doing crimes which lead to his arrest in november 20 2018.Tekashie is now serving jail time for trying to prove to the world that he was a big time gangster.

My other reason for me to agree with Emerson statement about indivuality was because our lives has changed now that the advertisemnt is telling you change and look a certain way . For example I use instagram every single day and fifthy percent of the time the ads are about weight pills and cool clothes which have gang related logos on it now people buy these clothes and are'nt even part of gang related activity because the market is influence you to buy it . People can easly fall for the trap thats why you should always be yourself no matter what .

Now to my last reason as a human being I've made mistakes and I've learned you always have to be yourself from those mistakes. When you are trying to act a type of way the life choices you will be making and friends you hang around will matter . You can be acting for your friends and end up in jail due to to the way yo were acting to make your friends happy. I think its much better to be yourself and too see that as a accomplishement because we are all now in a tech phase were web presents is a big deal and people go at any risk too achieve that goal . I for one can say that it is hard to not act like anyone becuase I came from Canada to america and I didnt change and it benefiting me because I making better choices .

These are the reason why I agree with the statement author Ralpgh Waldo Emerson made about individuality .I also think that everone thats trying to achieve something good and do something with their lives should aways keep in mind to be there selfs no matter what . 