People sometimes ask more then one people for advice because they want to see if they say the same opinion or if they have a better opinion then the other person , For example I have a problem at home and i don't know what to do or i'm stressed about it and i ask my friend about it and she tells me her opinion on what she will do if she's in that situation but then i don't know if to do what she said or I didn't like her advice and i ask another person and i liked her advice, But i want to know if theres a better advice so I ask someone else and they tell me another advice to another person, So that's why some people ask more then one person for there advice just to get more ideas on what to do or something like that cause asking more then one person is a better idea because you'll get more advice and you will be thinking which advice is better and which one is inapropet .

So now you ask more then one person about something you don't know what to do or if you have trouble solving something other people can help you and give you good advice and other can give you advice but are bad choices so just ask someone for help or ask someone you trust and will help you. But do you know why it's a good idea asking for help? Well it's good to ask for help because some one can give you advice on what to and what to not do and asking to much people can give you way much ideas on what to do,This helps so much people that needs help because they are like asking people for help and they are helping us to do better choice then a bad choice, Every one can give you a advice on whats better for you problem or question and it will help so much like Parents, Family , and Friends.

Kids can ask advice to everyone even there Teacher, Counselor , And mostly there parents they're always be there if you need help and need advice and they will give you a really better idea, But what i think is better for you guys is ask an a adult then a student just to not make a bad idea and start doing things your not suppose to, So kids just talk to a grown up and they will help you with the advice you need.

We all sometimes need advice by someone so just ask and you'll get a advice you need and everyone will help you help your self don't think that only you need advice we all have something to tell a person and give us there opinion, We are like asking them what they gonna do if they need a advice and is passing the same thing we passing.

When the person you talked about gived you a advice you'll think about it and if it's a good choice you do it and everything comes to peace that's why i can help you if you ask for an advice and it will help you in the fueature too so just ask for advice and they'll give you it.

What if a friend dosen't give you an advice? Then tell your pearents or an adault a school or work to help you, Did you know older people need advice too? Yeah older people need advice too they even need help on things like us not just because they are older it dosen't mean they are not like us that they need advice.

In what do we need advice? We need advice in somethhing we have done bad or you don't know what to do or you have problems you need some advice from someone for they can help you on it that's really important helping someone that needs a advice.

What happens if you don't get an advice? What happen is that you will get depress or get stressed thinking on what to do, And if you get depress if can be dangoures you'll be always be upset won't want to do anything you won't even want to eat or anything that's why if you need a adivce ask someone to help you and you'll be so much better.