Do curfews keep teenagers from getting into trouble? The city council is still currently debating on either adopting the curfew to be at 10 p. m. during the week days or at midnight on the weekends. If teenagers were to be out after the hours selected, it would be considered breaking the law. The laws are choosen for many reasons, even if we don't agree with most of them; we have to obey the laws. I believe the city council should adopt the cerfew for the minnors. When it comes to under age people in this world we have to be more conserned for their safety, it is best to have curfews. We should consider all the dangerous things going on in this world.

Have you considered all the things that could happen when your child is out? There is many dangerous things going on in this world. I'm not saying something will happen but honestly nowadays anything could happen. Without an adults care vision many things could occur. Many minnors are being killed or harmed for reasons we don't know. A curfew is one way from preventing those things from happening to your children. Even though a curfew at midnight on a weekend could still be dangerous; it is our responsability to teach the minnors from right to wrong. If we get them to understand why it is important to have a curfew they would be exrta careful. Theres a high possability they won't want to listen about their curfew; I can speak for myself I would want to spend more time with my friends there was a few times I didn't listen to my mom. I relized how much my safety ment to my mother and how worried she would be when i would be out late.

Have you heard about what happened to Generic_Name in New York? He was such a good child. His mother talk about how he loved hanging out with his nephews and family. She said he wouldn't go out with friends, he would always be home. He was very close to his sister, they'd always be together. Generic_Name had good grades in school, he would never get into trouble at all. The reason I bring his story life into this essay is because he was killed a few blocks away from is house, outside a little food market. I'm not so sure about the time but it was after dark. It was a group of guys who saw him, dragged him out the market and stabbed him under his arm. He tryed asking for help but no one would help him; he tryed getting to a hospital by foot unfortunaly Generic_Name didn't make it and died on the sidewalk. Those guy were caught a few months later and said they confused him with another guy. Generic_Name had no fault in any of it,he didn't deserve it. Maybe if he would of wanted for the next day or if his mom would of took him things could of happened diffrently. My point is leaving your house alone isn't so safe, when your with your parents it goes completey different.

Some people might think they would give the freedom they wanted as a child to there children. They might think there isn't a problem with them going out when ever they'd like and don't think they need a curfew. Everyone wants to enjoy their life and live it fully. Enjoying life doen't have to be passed your curfew, theres more to see during the day. Yes, you might trust your child so much you believe it's okay for them to leave but do you believe in the other people with your child being out in pulic? During day is much more safe then at night time when it's dark. One reason being is because of how many peolpe are out during the day. You could scream for help, run or give signs of being in danger. At night everyone is sleeping, and barely anyone is around.

In conclusion, the city council should think about the things going on in this world and do what's best for the teenagers, which is to have a curfew. Teenagers can still have their freedom and enjoy every bit of their lifes with curfews. I think it would be for the best; everyone would be safe in that way. Mostly everyone can agree that their minnors safety is important. Curfews would also keep teenagers from getting into trouble.     