Negative, We have to take Information about the Books, Play games etc. Ok We do what we want, but not everthing we do it is correct There is will be correct some will be incorrect because we don't know all the information about this games, books, shop etc.

Everyone in the world not have all the information for Example: I know how to bring the books online. My Sister know how to do Shopping online than she will tell me how to do the shopping online, and I

will say to here how to bring the books online like that she tell information and I tell her Information now she know all the informations about books and I know all the Informations about the shopping. We have to share informations to each other.

We can connect with each other the Technology not only do Shopping online, Playing games is also to connect with each other in Facebook , Twitter , Whatsapp etc. If the Technology is limits it will be bored life and the Technology will be bored if we have limits to connect with people there is some people will say no the technology is bored for Example: people like to chat 24 hours to each other if there is limits the life will be bored.

Ok it is good not speak to each other everyday but we have to be connect with the world around us.

Know what is happening in there Country there is a Fires, Earthquakes etc. We have to connect with bad people and the good people because the bad people we can take the informations from them and the good we can take informations and the good habites also if you know only few peoples is better than you live without any one and only doing all things you know it only.

Private life is Perfect life but not too much we not talk too each other and know information at some time there is limits in our talking with people because not all people give you all informations correct there is bad people can give you the informations and when you do it you will go the police, or you get in terrible with this person. don't trust everyone. Not everyone want you to be perfect there is people want they only to be perfect but still you have to ask and connect with the others you can take the information and leave them if they are not good because no is Perfect in our Life and every were.                              