My talent is i'm good at drawing when i draw i like to draw the stars, the moon,woods and the ocean, drawing is a talent where you can express your self by showing multiples of types of art ,there's a lot of types of art my favorite type of art is the one where you draw. When you draw you can do make whatever you want and if you made a mistake you can fix it ,my other favorite type of drawing is the one where you paint, because you can paint what are you feeling like if you're sad,happy,angry,upset. Art is one of my favorite talents i can make whatever i want and peolpe pay a lot of money for the drawings or paints they don't care if they cost billions of dollars they pay it, because it's beautiful art. Art is a talent that a lot people have it, some people are so good at it, that sometimes they think it's not good enought so they decide to throught it away, but they don't know that some peolpe will like it and they will pay it for their art. Art cost a lot of money but some people don't sale their art, because they want to keep it for memory or because they want to show it to their family and sometimes they sale it to their family, but they don'tsale it for billions or millions of dollars,because it's for their family. Smoe peolpe when they make mistakes on their art and they don't fix it and they don't thourght it away they just keep it,because maybe some rich people will buy it.

I think people should try to sale it

,

because they can get a lot of money for their paints or drawings. Art it's a really hard jod you need to be patient, because you might make a mistake and u have to start all over again, people don't start all over again what they do is they can make something beautiful of that mistake and by the way art it's also about you see something ugly, but you can fix it and make look beautiful.

Some people think art it's boring,but it's not, beacuse if you love doing art you don't think it's boring you love doing it, because it makes you happy and sometimes when you're so happy and exited to paint you don't have the control and you just start paint and you dont care if it's ugly you just lating your body do his work, because you're so exited about it that your not even think what is going to look like, sometimes i do the same i late my body to do the work by his self and actully it does fell good you happy and so exited.

Other peolpe get so stress when their work dosen't look how they wanted to be, sometimes i get stress out too, because i think my draw dosen't look good how i wanted to be, but like i said you need to patient, because art is not an easy jod it's hard. But when you get use to it it's hard but not that hard like before, i'm good at art but im still learning and sometimes it's really hard but i need to be patient and keep practicing, because practicing makes the teacher.