Do you think immagination is more important than knowledge? Why do you think it's important? Let's see why I think it's important! Well think about this you have the knowledge, but you never immagine things that you think you can't do. If you just immagine or think bigger about what you want or what you want to do. One day you will achive your goal or dream.

One of the reason why I think immagination is importantant is that if you don't immagine what you want to do in future as your job or hobby. When your in school your not going to try your best and show effort. If you don't learn anything at school when you are older to get a job, your not going to get the job you want, because wherever you are there will be someone that want the same job as you but trying harder than you, learning harder than you, and showing more effort than you. Which means effort creates achivements. For example, you went to an interview for a job at a store to be a cashier and there are 15 people that want to be cashier. But they only need one. So first they asked everyone what do you do when the costumer comes in. One of them said you have to smile and say hey, do you need help with anything? and you said you continue doing whatever your doing. Who do you think there going to pick? Of course the first one right? because she showed them effort and willing to do the job. That why you have to immagine what you want to do in future and try your best in school.

Second reason is that you have your knowledge, but if you don't immagine or think bigger your not going achive big things in your life. The people who failure in life are the people who quit something one step away from success. That's what a lot of people do. But the people who successed in life are the people who took the step that a lot people quit which the hardest step to take. For example, you want to start a company, but the people around you said that your not going to success. Although they said that you started a company anyways. After a month no one wanted to invest you company. You kept asking people to invest your company. So one person did, with that money you payed the bill. Then nothing happened to your company. But if you stop asking people when no one wanted to invest your company your company would of been closed. So you have to immagine thing and use your knowledge to achive them.

Third reason is you have to immagine things as your dream and get a lot of knowledge by learning at school. When I was little I wanted to become a docter when I grow up. Then I started immagining to help and more stuff. When I go to school. I told myself you have to be good at science, math and other subject to become a docter. So I will have knowledge about things that you have to know to become docter. so you have to get a lot of knowledge to achive the things you immagine.

So I think immagination is more important than knowledge. But knowledge is still really important. I feel like everything starts with immagination first. Then you go to school to get your knowledge increase every year. You work really hard to make immagination becomes reality.    