Hello to all the teachers in Generic_School.

My name is Generic_Name.

I Am From El Salvador.

Nice to meet you, to all the teachers in Generic_School that, i don't know.

But, i really would like to know, all the tecahers at Generic_School.

I am a hispanic boy, that i like to play, some sport after school, i really like to play, soccer, with my friends.

I like to come to school, to learn, about that the tearchers teachs to me, and all the students. I really appreciate that,

I don't like to be an ignorant boy, at school.

I always like to talk to the people, at shool, and i like to make new Friends, I like to be a respect boy, with all of the people.

I really like how, all the teachers at Generic_School, teachs to the students they, teachs to you really good.

I already read the

Prompt, and, I would like to describe that, and give my opinions, and reasons.

so let's started This. I know that so many students, want to have, some educational's experiences in some activities, but others Students do not want to be in activities, others students want to have all the homeworks, done. they don't want to Miss anything, at school and it's ok, If they want to be in an activities. Of course that the school always should have The student's control. Because students can have all very good without problems, and thats why the school and the Teachers should have their controls, all the students should have all done, if they want to be in an activity, because If the school did not take the controls, of the students they will not respect, the school's and the activitie's rulers, my Opinon will be that students should have time to do some activities and they should have time to study, to do all the Homeworks, like they don't should have a lot of activities, they needed to do the homeworks to. for example, if i Would like to be in some activities like sports i have to do all my homeworks first,have good grades at school. i Know that the activities are good for your body, normally the body always need some activities, the school always Have some activities to do and thats really good for your body. I see a lot people running by the roads like in the Summer because, it is good, for body and healthy. When i was in 10th grade i did have some activities at the gym From Generic_School and actually i did all the activities that the teachers tells to me and others students. it was very fun To do all the activities at gym from Generic_School. 