Although i believe it's a good idea to be our self where ever we are. over all being our self is better than act deafrient. Also not being comfort with it. Because being our self is mean trust our self. Not believing to any one who come to as, and till as any thing to Change as. then reaching our goal by trusting our self. For example. Being our self shows those people how strong we can be,and continuing our way to improve.

In a word that we see people change accomplishment. We should trust our self to not change. To a bad person, or any thing that a society try to make as. Trusting our self and continuing our way to improve more. to show a society how strongly we trust our self. So that way we keep our self in better way. Also i believe we can progress people around as. Because it show people that they can do same as we do.

When we see that some people really try to change as. Or a society that is Changed already, and they are following a different ways to improve their life. Also they try to change as as the way they want it. To follow their way, and we know that it is not the way we can improve. So to be our self, and we chose to improve our life in other rule. It is because we see something that is not going right, but the society has changing. Also it looks when those people try to improve, and they get that, they heard other people. and they dont know they rich something they effect some other thing that they dont know about about.

I believe it is not acceptable for as to do the same to heard some people. Then we should follow some other way to our life.

Clearly " is society that is constantly trying to make as change in highest improvement.(Author Ralph Waldo Emerson) I should believe to my self. That i can rich my goal successfully. progress on the thing that i need and want. So i should not let ant one to turn me from my goal. Because there is some people who want as, to not rich our goal or dreams. To advents my self i would work so hard. But is some people who is trying to fail as in our way to rich our goal. Then going to embrace as for are fail, also try to stop as to rich that dream. But i believe if we trust our self, and have a big goal to rich to. It will be possiball to get it. Then no one can get our way to stop as.

being our self trusting to our goal, and respect our self, makes people to respect as. As will as we do to them. Also reaching our goal dreams In a right way. But being in a society that people as changed. then try in to change me. SO i see the can improve but in not right way, and not respect between people. So then i believe i should be my self.

finally I believe it is good idea to be our self. and do the things that makes as happy about it. So if see in society that is changing, and see some people trying to, Change me. Even i do the right thing to improve. But those people saying to so the thing other, i know that is not right to do it. Because they way the are saying it could heard people. but they jut look forward to improve. Over all i believe to be my self and the the thing in right ways.                                                                                                                 