I know that having career coarses is a great idea for students to identify their careers in High-school. By studying coarses in High-school it will teach students the requirements for specific careers and prepare students for college and thier career if not required for college after High-school. Having career coarses will make students more confident and comfortable in thier first year in college or thier first day at work becasue students will already be knowledgeable about what thier doing, and it will also give students a headstart in life and which makes students well prepared.

Having career coarses will give a variety of choices for students and will help them figure out what they might want to study. These coarses will teach students requirements, basics, and will give them an idea of what they might want to study in college or a career after High-school. When students are getting ready to leave High-school some students still might not know what to study, but having career coarses would solve that solution easily which will cause less depression and stress.

There are four years in High-school which is enough time for students to switch out of a career coarse if thier aren't intrested. If High-schools don't take advantage of this idea students will be pure pressured to go to college and study a random coarse which isn't right if thier not intrested, that could lead them to drop out of college and waste thousands of dollars and could maybe go in debt for the rest of thier lives.

Career coarses In High-school will give students headstarts which is very beneficial for students and professors in college. College professors won't have to teach the basics, but will go over them which would save time and this also means students will have a couple of extra time for test's and final exams.

Having career coarses in High-school will cost a lot of money, but why not spend it if are main focus is to educate the students and help them suceed in the future. After religous beliefs school is the second most important thing in the world. These students are our future and we want the world to be a better place and have a better society.

We should reach out to the school board and colleges and let them know, By emailing, calling, or just by using social media that this is a very important matter and it would be very benefical for both them and us as students,

We want to suceed and be educated and having career coarses is the best way possible, we dont want to go in debt for the rest of our lives for something we didnt enjoy doing in college we want to be well prepared and every student should have equal opportunities in the world to know what to study. 