It is a good idea for students to finish High School in three years? many students graduated from high school in a very short period. But, do you know if the student knows what he/she needs to know?. In some cases students didn't remenber something from high school. Many students forget everything that they learned when is Summer or when they stop to go to the school, in a very short time. It depend from the knowledge of a students if he/she can take everything on his/her heat. May be more time led the students to know what they want to do after the High School, and have elective classes can help the students to be a good worker in the future because they are more creative.

Depend from the knowledge of the student if he/she can take everything on his/her heat because some students have the capacity to learn a lot without forgered and other not, possibly they have apathy in some classes or they are more interested in other things since in some school districts offer progams that can contein clases that students don't want to learn. But, it can be very helpfull for the students that want to graduate so fast from the high school becuse may be they want to work without a interuption from high school's things or the want to go the colledge without they had a lot of time in high school. Also, some students think that have the capacity to graduate from high school in a short time and other prefert to graduate with the normal years because some students want to have the advanced diploma that can give you goods oprtunities.

May be more time led the students to know what they want to do after high school because some students graduated so fast that they didn't thing correcly what they want to be or what to do after the high, someway you have do to something in your life that can help you to live ecconimicaly between the world. For example, you are graduate today but in a week or a month you are doing nothing because you don't know what you want to do but you need something with your life. Also, if you want to graduate so fast from high school you need a plan like; i'll work after high school because i need money, or i want to study more because i think i need to know more and i want in my future. For example: the people who work after high school is the people that knows whar they want without matter the time that they took in the high school and the people who still stiding is because they arenot ready to know what they want or they still studing for a carrer.

Have elective classes can help the students to be a good worker in the future because they are more creative, and elective clasess led the students to learnd new things that can help them in the future and in their usually life. For example: if they take an art class they will be more creative, if they take a music art they can have their own record. Also , elective class give more oportunities that a progam that conteins the usually class and borred. Finally, summer is a good time to take a break from high school and you have the oportunity to be in a class

Online if it's difficult for you to remenber something during that time.

In conclusion, some programs that allow high school students to graduate in three years are good for the students who knows what they want to do after the high schools like if they want to work or if they will still studing. Also take a little bit time to graduate is not to bad because you never will to know what new things can you learn in the elapse of the time you keep have the oportunity to think more in what to do in the future. Also, if you have the capacity to remenber things for a log time is not too bad the idea to graduate in three years. The only thing that a student need to know is nake a plan for the future with clear ideas and be sure in what he/she wants.