Some schools offer distance learning as an option for students to attand classes from home by way of online or video conferencing. Yes, I think students would benefit from being able to attend classes from home. Less take me as an example; I had personal problems before, and It was auwefull. What If It was so bad that I couldn't go to school?! Some students are just not good at school, and just prefer learning from home online or by video conferencing. Other students that gets in trouble all the time are just better off learning from home. There, at home, there is no one to to fit with. You get your work done and you move on. their will be no more trouble.

Most of the times our parents say that going to school and socialism is good for us. Is that true?! Is that the case?! Well I am not sure about that, but what I do know is that I think we students should have the options to decide what we really are confortable with, and our parents should help us with that. Anyways, It's not like people at home are doing less work than people at school. We all are doing the same work, depanding on our grades. We all need to turn in our work on time or it will be counted late, same test, same quiez everything. The only differance between people that are taking online or video conferencing from people at school is that they are not going to school. They aren't in a classroom. We all have to studie for our test, quiez... But this is what my attantion goes to. Do students that attand classes from home, ever cheet?! we'll never know if they do. I would like an answer for my question, but I bet there will never have a proper answer.

There is a lot of resons why it is good for students to be able to take classes from home, and I will never be able to tell you all that resons. all I can think of is what I provided. It is hard as a kid or a young teens to go to school and have to deal with other kids, and I get it, because it is hard for me to deal with other kids too. But not all of those kids are hard to deal with. Online or video conferencing are not so bad themself, I will have done if I have the opportunity to.