It has been said that first imperssions are almost impossible to change, do you agree or disagree? In my past experience, I would highly disagree with this statement. When first meeting somebody, you don't always get the right thoughts about that specific person. Once knowing somebody personally your thoughts start changing, your mind starts messing up on thinking "What should I think about this person?". Due to my past experience I always have luck to my first opinion changing to a good opinion after getting to know them. I always ask my friends what were there thoughts of me when they met me for the very first time and all of my friends would always tell me that I look like I was mean and not very kind. After, they're opinions later changed once they got to me personally, knowing my personality and knowing how kind I am. My friends were very suprised.

Second, I would insists of not always having a first opinion on when seeing somebody for the first time because that usually is never how the person actually is. First imperssions always depend on the person on how there feeling or just based of anything that can be said.

Second impressions always get more better once they seen each other at least ones.

Third,

I would like to speak on my past experiences with this statement on why I disagree with this reasoning. When I was a couple years younger I had some very means thing said about me in middle school due to a couple of very mean people. Due to those sayings and rumors a various amount of people knew about me and the stuff that was said about me. People thought they already know me through thick and thin but in reality they really didn't. Once, I wanted to meet new people they never actually really wanted to speak to me or actually meet me because they already had there first impression because of the sayings. Later on, years started passing by and a few people started meeting me more and started speaking to me and once they did they noticed that I was very different person then what people would say about me.

In Conclusion, In my past experience I would highly think in my beliefs I would defiendely not based my first impression on somebody I'm just meeting. I like to get treated on how I treat others. First impressions are never good that's why it's never good to get based off that. You've read my about my past and now know why I don't go off that. If you ever decided to go off first imperssions and not change your mind about your first impression then good luck to you.