My plan is going to college and working after graduate .Then i will working for computer things make sure my job able good. But first time i need to do is graduate at Generic_School if you have more credit then you can finish high school to go college . You can working some where after school some where you can make money , But don't work a lot because you have school ,

Remember to do homework and work in school . Some student don't have money going to college that why they need working after school . I see a lot people have money to going the college because they lucky they parents take care of them . School is not cheap to pay that why a lot people don't want going to college. I fell sad for them to because they have the same problem with me they don't have money to pay for school , Some people need to move out when they going to college they have to pay bills .I think you can finish high school for three year it good . You can go working for first year, when are you finish high school, or you don't need to go the college right now, you can go college later. They don't care about the age. I see a lot older people still going the college . you can take online class to finish high school early during the summer time or evening. Then you can going to work like some hour , and you going home that is good deal to finish high school early . But also you still need to pay for summer school or evening that why you need to work and have money to pay for , That does't matter you want finish for four year high school or three year you still graduate . You need to find the job you really want to do , Because you plan is you choice you have to choose the right one , But i think that not bad idea because they tells you the good thing if you don't want to hear is fine trust yourself                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      