Have you ever been in school and your teacher tells you to come after school to get your work done? Well i think that having after school clubs is good because it can help us in school. It will help then get they work done faster, and also better for them to understand. Sometimes kids at home dont like to do they homework but if they do activities after school they would actually want to do the work so they can do the activitties.

To begin with kids get bored of just sitting there doing homework but if their actually doing activitties they would'nt be bored and actually work on they homework. If the kids are active and are having fun they would get things done faster and easier like say a student was gonna pay sports and you tell him he has to finish they homework in order to play if the kid loves the sport he would do it. nowadays kids like to do they work in activitties such as math games, card games, and many more. The teachers can explain the work better for them so they can understand and learn it better.

To continue you must show them that the work is very important, and the kids would actualy take it seriously and they could actually improve there grade. Kids nowadays don't really be trying to take things serious so the adults got to push them and show them that there homework is important and has a big impact on your grade. Its better to have someone constantly on your back because it will help you in the future it's always good to have people push you to succeed. A lot of kids give up in school and don't be wanting to do they homework thats why when soembody is doing activitties and learning they wouldn't give up on they selfs that easy on they selfs. the students also get bored of being in a quiet room just working on they work students like to be active not just sitting in one place bored.

Last but not least you got to put effort in the work to be able to understand it and to get it done or if not you would be having a very rough time on your assighnment. But always remember never give up and keep pushing for your goal because not only in school will you be stressing. Lastly these are some of the reasons why I think it would be a good idea for our schools to have afterschool activities it will help a lot.  