I would like to visit two countries one of them is Spain and the other one is located in central america and is my countrie is Honduras but i have more like Generic_City, Generic_City, and Japan,and UK just to see their national things that they have. But my top two countries that i would visit is Spain and Hondura.

You maybe be saying to yourself why is he want to visit the two countries. Well i picked spain because Spain have a lot of good things like they national food. The national food of spain people say that is delicious and like they want to try more. But theres one place that their food taste super good and is Generic_City. Generic_City is a famous place in spain because of their food and their soccer team oh yeah they have a soccer teamif you dont know about soccer them let me tell you about it.

Barca is a famous soccer team in sapin and in the whole world like if you know someone that likes soccer ask about barca. Well Generic_City has a Famous stadioum call Camp Nou and like they have the best soccer player in the whole world messi and like i would like to watch a soccer game in that stadioum like a classico or a liga game but yeah like i would like to watch a game in there.

Talking about baracelona theres a soocer team call real masedrid and thats FCB Generic_City enemy when they play we call it the classico cause two of the best team ever play together is a big thing for some fans that likes soccer and like i would like to try their food just to know how it taste and same for Generic_City im not a big fan of real madrid but i would like to watch a soccer game in their stadioum the stadioum name is el bernabeu is a another famous stadioum.

But a another place i would like to visit is the stadioum of el atlectico why because i want to see the stadioum of atletico de madrid i think the name of the atleticos stadioum is el coliseo i think thats the name and there a another state in spain that i want to go and is Generic_City why because i would like to see my favorites youtuber hosue cause like im a big fan of him and like i been following him in youtube sences 4 years and like thats a dream for me too.

A another place that i would like to visit is were i was born my countrie Honduras. Hounduras is located in central america near guatemala belinze and salvador. Did you know that hounduras has a lot of frontiers with anothers countries. And like i would like to visit because i never went to watch a soocer game in honduras stadioum and i remeber that i used to pass near in the car with my dad and my mom.

We used to watch the soccer games in the tv me with my dad and my brother i used to remeber that i were going to go for the first time a soccer game in the stadioum but them it started to rain a lot so my dad told us that we are ot going to the stadioum no more because is going to be dangeours so we were sad i was more sad and like i think i started to cry but like that was like 6 years ago.

And like i have my most of my family in Honduras and i remeber that i used to have two pets the first one was a dog and the second one it was a perrot and i used to have a another dog but the dog his name was ranger die cause he aet something thats we could find but yeah.

This is the last place that i want to visit and is Generic_City thats the last place that i want to visit and you will be saying to yourself why this. And i would say let me tell you i will vist this palce because it has the world largest tower in the world like theres rich people in there driving bugatis and ferrarris and more cars that you dont see anywere.

I like this place because like you see like lions as a pet or a cheeta or anything like this people are crasy.

I lie to you theres a another place that i would like to visit and is japan why because likes theres hunted places like the famous forest located in japan and ect like i would like to try new type of food like there national food and there national place and like im more aventure guy. I like dangeours things i dont know why but im like that i could visit australia why cause i like any type of animal like snakes lions spiders and more and like i used to watch a tv show call steve irwings he die bye a rai fish but i used to watch it and like animals started to like them i sued to be scared of bees spiders frogs and that type of animals i wish i could have the type of job but thats all the places that i want to visit you got to know me. 