Not all the types of success have to be kind of hard to reach...sometime you just have to give a look in what are you good in one thing.

According to the Minister Wistom Churchill from Britain about the phrase tha he said

"Success consits of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiam"

is 50% percent true and 50% percent wrong.

For example a person who reached the success in hard way is the now trending disigner of the brand

"Off-White"

he said on a nterview that "it wasn't easy to be in here that I'm now you know?" cause when ll this started I didn't had help so i find my own help with the company/brand Nike to use some of they sneakers to make my shoes design come true, i didn't have the answer of they in one day- NO! I tried and tried to get one response until one day that they say "Yes we're working together, you can use all of our sneaker desing to make your work". Now the colaboration between Nike and Off-White in a trending colab now in these days.

This example is a hard way to reached the success but now we are going to see two cases of "easy success"

Two exampe of "Easy succes" are the actress Natalie Portman and the Ex-Proffessional Boxer Mike Tyson,they got their success cause they are naturally borned talented.

For Example the case of Mike Tyson, he was a 12 years old fighting in the streets to gain some money for his family till one day a man saw him fighting with an older boy with him in which fight Mike won, the man saw in Tyson a potential legend in the world of the Box.

Another caseis the case of the famous actress Natalie Portman, she has been a talented actress since she was a little girl. One day a friand of her mother told to Natalie to make a try to win a paper in a Hollywood movie in which Natalie won because she was naturally born a proffessional actress, she just make her future with her talent.

In conclusion not all the success people made their success with blood, sweet, and tears, some of them just were talented or used their pros to be somebody important in this world.