I agree with Churchill's statement about the important role that failure plays in the pursuit of success because, the more the try the more experiance they will get, they will get more power, they can cortrol people, and they will get freedom and respect.

Most of people are scared of losing or failing. They think failure is the end of the carrer. For example most people when they fail in business they give up, or some people don't try things because they are scared of the unknown.

One of my mintor alwasy telling me the more you try the more experiance you will get. For example i tried many types of business and i failed on some of them like i tried to do real estate i brought a house and i lost $50,000 because i didn't know how much the house worth. Also i tried Bitcoins and because i joined late i lose $7,000. But i never said i'll quit, what i did is i got a mintor his name is Generic_Name, he is doing real estate and i leanred a lot of things from him and one of my friends is good on bitcoins so i asked him to teach me and he became my mintor.

After you get the experiance you will get power and what i mean by that is it will be hard to fail. For example Bill Gates is a powerful man in business do you think he will be in debt? the answer is no it will never happend because if he lost everything he made other people will help him to success again and everybody want to work with him.

Then, you have to have a control because you don't want other people to tell you what to do. for example who has the cotrol in the hosptal? the doctors or who has the control on companys? the ceos. The reson why they have the control is they are more succesful, or more educated, or they are powerful. Another exapmle if someone has a company he will have the most cotrol because he'll be the most powerful person in the company.

The last thing you will get is the freedom and respect. As a business man what i mean by freedom is you can go where ever you want when ever you want, and what i mean by getting recpect from people are two ways the first one is when you are more educated than them and when you make more money than them.

At the end success is like the marathone, you don't want to be the first preson who get it but you want to enjoy it. 