There are many other ways, how we can choose our character traits. The first way is to choose our own character traits, by picking it for ourself. The second way is our character formed by influences beyond our control, by not being able to control it. The most reasonable character trait would be choosing our own character trails, because it makes the most sence out of all and most of the population can control on their emotions.

There are different types of character traits, for example funny, exiciting, joyful, and many more. Our character traits are formed by our own influence and by our own actions. That's what causes them to react from different types of emotions. For the most part, we are able to control our emotions, but sometimes we cannot control over them so they go out of control.

Character traits can be used in many different ways. However, there are some character traits that we can't control, it would happened to us by itself because we sometimes don't have control on ourself. For example anger, sadness, and depression are the reasons why we lose control sometimes because we are unable to control over it. These emotions can be dangerous once you are out of control, you don't even know what you will be doing, it could be something really terrible. That's the reason character traits can be good or bad sometimes.

Some people support the fact to pick there character traits for themself, some think it's not in our control and we are unable to control it. The people that said they decide to choose the character traits for themself, say when they do something they can feel the emotions in contol of them and do what best fits them. On the other hand, the people that think the charater traits is not in there control, say if they are working or doing anything the emotions of them just happens and they can't control it. In most of the cases it is caused by the bad emotions like being mad, or sad and more.

There are many more reasons of people talking about character traits. Not all of them are good nor not all of them are bad. It mainly depends on the person who is controling it. For the people that are unable to do so can control over it by doing couple simple things and not letting there emotions take over them. That's why controlling you're own character traits is different than having it controlled by some formed influence.