I think this council is debating the adoption. If the curfew adopt the teenagers, the situation will change to the better. the council said the teenagers don't have to be in the street after 10 p. m. in the weekdays because they want the teenagers out of troubles. and they found teenagers in the street after 10 P.M. that's mean is breaking the law. that warning for the people because sometimes the bad people walk around have a knife or have a gun these people can kill someone kidnapping anyone. Or someone make a bomb and try to put it in street. and also is danger because maybe someone drank a lot and he drove the car maybe can hit anybody by the car that's why the police check the city a lot of time to make sure no bad things will happen and also the police check the city because if someone have something wrong they will help them. if the teenagers don't break the law this will help the police to try make the city safe the safety in city is so important. Like example that happen with me when I was 15 years old I was walking in the street at 11 p. m. and I was going to my home I see one man behind me but I thought is regular man but he was have a knife and he said to me give anything you have I was have my wallet had on it my ID and not too much money and I don't have anyone in the street to help me and he took my phone and he told me leave and don't look behind you I ran away because he was almost gonna kill me. be in your home early to be safe. The police doesn't want to control on you but he want to be safely. because the world is not safe now the world have a lot of bad people. And also I was have my friend was in street at 1 a. m. and someone was drank and hit my friend by the car. And my friend is dead all of these to show you how the world is not safe. the police have a lot of situations with the bad people. and if you look at the countries is not safe the reason is because every day around the country you will find everyday someone killed. That's tells you how the world is not safe. a lot of people dead because of the people is drank or the someone have a gun or knife. if you search in internet about the people is succeed in their life the internet will show you these people focused in their future when they finish their work the going to their home to take a rest. try to make your schedule early like in the mid day in the morning to go to your home early.

a lot of people kidnapped every day make sure you're safe. And also I saw before a guy have a gun and he stopped a girl and his husband and he took from them the all gold that girl have it and he took the wallet from the man. and if you don't care about yourself no someone will care about you keep yourself safe. your life is expensive don't make your life is free for someone.                                                                                                                    