There are many benefits of you knowing what you want to be in a young age and many people take advantage of it. Knowing your dream and what you want to be, in the fetcher can help you in many way. First of all, you can get more time to focus on your dream and try to accomplish them. Also, knowing what you want to be and studying it at a young age can effect your knowledge on it. And also can help you accomplish it, for example my cousin he know that he want to be a doctor by the time he was in high school. He took class such as biology and chemistry and many other sines class. Now he knows a lot about what it take to be a doctor and what are the responsibility.

knowing what you want to be in high school can help you when get to college in many ways. Getting some of your fetcher job class in high school can help you in college. It can help you to be more provisional and responsible in your college class. also it can help you in your financial life by taking most of your courses in high school. And also it can help you get in a good college. for example, my cousin got in a good college that have cross that relate to the felled that he want to work in.

knowing what you want to be before high school can even help you when you finely have your job. It can help you get more exuberance and, most of the combines want their employees to have a exuberance. Also knowing what you want to be at a young age it can help to be more compatible in you job. My cousin once said to me the the key to my successful life now was that I know what I wanted to be from the binning. That's why I think that knowing what you want to do at a young age is a good idea.

To conclude, my point was if student know what they want to be by the time they are in high school, they will benefits and have more exuberance. Also, it will be easy to them achieving there dreams and goals. And have an easy life and a nice life. And they can be more successful in their job.

And in their daily life also in their fetcher.            