One topic is frequetly debated is whether or not should your school follow this model by extending the school day two hours? some people think that because students can learn more. They feel that because if the school extending two hours more, we can have more time with our friends. I believe that because you can do homework,expending time with your friends, and learn more.

One reason why the school days can extending two hours is because alot of students need help with their clases,teachers can help us to pass the clases and that it is good time the students think about, if they want to graduated they can make an effort to pass the clases and don't distracted other people in the classroom. Students have bad grades because they don't listening to the teacher while she's explain. We have bad grades because the class is boring or the teacher is great with the students and she don't say anything when we are using our phones.

Second reason why the school days can extending two hours is because you can participated in school activities or, you can play in some games like Soccer, American football, basketball, and you can have more time with your friends and helping the soccer team. you can help to clean the school and decoring some of the classroom, or you can stay in the library and help to organized the books or doing homework, and we can use the computers to search and find what book we want read.

Third reason why the school days can extending two hours is because some students want to stay in the school doing projects or homework because they don't have time to do in their home some of they go to work, and others students have alot of homework from the others clases, and that's one reason why the teachers be mad with the student because they did not do his homework, and the students explain why he not did that homework we have alot of homework from the others clases and i don't have to much time to do all the homework i have because at night i got to the bed early and the next day some teachers give me more homework and that's why i don't do your homework.

The last reason why the school days can extending two hours is because some students need help with their homework, they need to practice more to understand the class but the most important thinks that students need to have are good grades and pass all the test to graduated, if they have very good grades the school will give a certificated to saying we are proud of you, and your family will give to you some gifts because they are proud of you ,and you will graduated without trouble and then any university will accept to you because they will see your grades of your colleges and see how good you was in your clases.

In conclusion why the school days can extending two hours is because most students want to stay in the school to participated in activities of the school or participated in some football teams.