Has the limitation of humans contact due to the use of technology had positive effects on peopl;s lives . I think should humans has limitation contact because to save their life from destioyrd. In the rest rest of this eassy i will say that why limitation of contact to the use of technoloy is important and has positive effects. Also, limitation of humans contact to the use oftechnology is good for our healt and body. Anyway, what informato can give us technology in our entire life. I will explain why we should have limitation of contact ot using technolohg.

First,Why limitation of contact to the use of technology is important and has positive efects; It seems to me that , when i used to much my phone i feel so pain in my eyes and head because i didn't had limitation of contact to the use of my phone. And phone,computers .... is part of technology to help people contact with each other and we should have limitation of contact to using these techonlogy when we need , we can use technology.

Second, limitation of humans contact to the use of technology good for our health and body because when we use alot our body going to hurt and we always feels sick and we can not eath food as much is we need, feell deperessed.

that's why limitation of humans contact to the use of technology has positive efects. For example some people destoiyerd their eyes because of using to mach technology.

Third,what inforamtion can give us technology in our entire life. technology is the biggest things which is we need in our life to do,technology is not the only using phones, computer, robots.. technology can change our life without technology we can not contact the world with humans and information about world.

In conclusion, i have to sat that has humans limitation of contact to use technology because has positive efects. We have take care our healt and body to save from dengeours happening with technology. In additaion, techonloy has alot information which is we need for now, past and for our future. Finally, in my opnion technology can help us alot in our whole life but, also can destioyrd our life. Every one knows that without technology life is hard but, if we have to save our health aslo. With technology our life giong to easy also can hurt oue life.