I agree that talking to guidence is a good idea because guidence can help people on what is good or bad things to do in life. same people can even talk to guidence about thier problems and tell them what can be best can be a good solution for thier problems or for what they are passing throw in life too, However not that many people like to talk to guidence about thier problems people prefer to stay silence about their issues.

Eventhough some may say that people should not talk to guidence because guidence does not help in anything. guidance is the best resorce person to go to because they help you to stay focoues in problems you go throw in life.

Let say for example if you need help in school problems with family's or someone dies that was really close to you guidance could help you with depresion problems, familiy problems they are councelers but just few changes,

guidance can help you with paper work that you don't understand and fill in the paper work. Guidance is a good idea because guidence can help people on many stuff and find sulution of it one way to another. Guidance is the act of process of guiding, it also has counseling such as that provided for students about vocational and eduaction matters, Any of variovs processes of guiding a vericle by means of biltin equipment.

Guidance is someone who guides to the right way, or someone to look up too. gauidance is a good solution to problems and festration when a person does not have no one to talk to and they could have trust on guidance. where could people find guidance well guidance are in school or out of school too. Guidance help kids with school and fouces more on school and talk to parents, on how to maintan a kid focues in school and home.

Guidance helps kids to love and keep parents involved with them more and show them how to pertect thier kids.

finally, gudiance is a very good resource for who needs it people could find guidance in schools in courts, cummunity centers or so other who ever needs help guidance is a good resorse for them.