Technology is very important in the human community because if Ur writing it down on Ur phone and you can just put reminder when you will have to do something important like go on a picnic or go out with the family,have a business trip. In the society people just wanna find something fast and easy they dont wanna look up a word on a book it takes to long and they can just look it up on they're devices and there done. Its awful that people do communicate to each other anymore its just threw texts and that is horrible its not professional. and playing games every day or on devices is a bad thing and good in the same time. But i do not agree with that with prompt devices are bad because its like a drug you dont wanna get off Ur phone , laptop you just wanna be there on there everyday and not doing anything active. You can get sick if your always on ur devices just watching the screen for hours so its bad. When i got my first phone i was always on my phone non stop just texting watching videos i wouldnt stop all i would want would be all my devices i wouldnt sleep i would go to sleep around four in the morning. Yeah you can have Ur devices but you cant get addict to all of that because your going to fall apart and be mislabel. And when you are not on ur device your going to feel empty without it your going to be lost and ur going to say to yourself what can i do to be happy again. You can start off not needing any devices because ur device its a want you do not need it in ur life it can be important to call family and friends but you dont need it. you can go workout and forget all about ur devices i dont need my phone i just want it to text people and listen to music. I find all devices in a negative way it can change ur mind mentally emotionally and physically let say you at home relaxing and ur just eating and eating and ur on phone not getting up ur going to gain weight and for some they can get anxiety or depression because all they know is just do be on there devices not doing anything else. i got anxiety for being on my phone for too long staying up and having no sleep and sleeping is very important for students that have to go to school and do there work yes you can have your phone and do a timer how long you can use it for. so my option devices are bad people have there phones up in there face people have accidents walking and using there devices a car can run them over or they can run somebody over texting and driving is a big issue you can get a big text and go to jail if you hit somebody with ur car.