I agree with the writing "

Determine never to be idle

" buy Thomas Jefferson. I agree with this writing because it is wonderful how much can be done if we are always doing something. the second reason that I agree is that I think we can accomplish more if we are always doing something. Lastly but not less I think that inactivity also can serve a purpose.

The firs reason that I agree with Thomas Jefferson writing because it is wonderful how much can be done if we are always doing some thing. What I think Thomas Jefferson was tring to say was that if we help others we wold be doing a lot for others. For example if we see someone that is tring to cross the street and they cant do it by them self because of a bad weather or because that person has a disability you should help that person because belive it or not you would make that person day. I also belive that Thomas Jefferson writing stans out for those people that dont have a home or a family y that can suport them if you can try to make that person day better by getting them a some water or food. I also belive by bing nice to people you could make there day better because you dont know if that peson had a bad day at work or something bad hapen.

Seconly I agree with THomas Jefferson writing because we can accomplish more if we are always doing some thing. For exampel if you are tring to pass a class or a SOL try your best and no matter how much you fell get up and get up stronger and keep tring. I think it also meen that is that if you are working and you dont know how to do it ask for help like that the next time you do it you can do it better. I think Thomas Jefferson was tring to tell us not to givre up.

Lastly but not less I belive that inactivity also can serve a purpose. Inactivity also can serve a purpose because if some one is provoking you and you jump up and keep it going then there can be some problems. For example if you are at work and some one provoke you and you reack to the provoke you could lose your job. If you get in troble because some one you and you keep the problem going it can afect you later on when you going to get a new job because they going to see that you cant control your self. Thats why i think if you go an talk to your boss when some one is causing you problems is better if you react an you lose your job for not contlroling your self.

In conclution I think we should help any one that needs the help and not just think that they would be fine because we dont konw what they been throug and we would like for some one to help us when we are in troble or when we are not dong well.    