Some people believe that student should be required to take a class in the arts, Or student should take classes such as elective ?

Imagine doing something that makes you happy, An doing something your comfortable at an decide what are your capable of doing in life. People believe that each student should required an electives in school cause people believe that this will help the students find what they want to do, Also this will help them find they skills an get opportunities, And importantly this will helped students in future .

Its really important that students should pick any electives they want to do, Imagine students get an electives they dont want to do. This will have the student feel lazy going to class, An when student feel lazy going to class student mostly skip class. When student skip class students will have a bad grade, An when students get a bad grade they get irritated. And they dont have the motivation so they give up and when students give up they will not receive any credit an students needs enough credit to graduate if a student dont graduate high school the students cant go to colleges. An the student cant have a better job , Also companies would not hire them. people who has no job they could be homeless an its very hard. So this is why it's very important students decide what electives they want to do.

People believe that everyone has their special skills. Students should find they skill taking the electives they really good at cause if a student is good at something they will love to go to class, Also going to class will have student have good grades and would like to learned more things and importantly you will receive an credit. An taking the class they good at will have a lot of benefit an opportunities in life, Cause people who has a lot of skill, Most people would love students to work in their companies. For example if students is good at drama company will hire them as an actress an people will get famous, Also have their own movie an this will makes a lot of money out of it . also not only a student can only have one skill you could have a lot of skill just not one but more, An this will help a student. If a student has a lot of experience an know a lot of things this will definitely help them. This one of the reason that students should find their skills .

Future is very important for the students cause when a students who takes electives and doing the electives they like an love to do students would take this opportunities to have a good future after graduating high school, Also College cause this when their adult life would begin and things will be different. And this why its very important student take their skill so future would not be hard it would be easy for students, It would have a lot of hard an rough times but with the skills they would get through it . Also this is when the student begin their dreams, An student could use the skills for a better future and things would not be hard for them cause students would know what they doing and what is going to happen also most student would find their destiny, An their destination they would love to be at.

But also people may think that student may not required electives cause students its not motivate enough to take it, An students dont really wanna do it, And mostly students will take it as a joke.