I will be honest with this. I know about politician just a litterbet but I don't know what? John Lubbock wrote about it the british naturalist and politician something. I will do is to try to tell you about this thing like politician it's control people on different ways like. we saying one persone it's runing to be a precident but he need suport of him own people on his party like suport what choese he had to make and see fro the people if you make people happy they will love you and they will vote fro you but if you don't do anything from then they don't vote for you. this mean you have to convencet the people or other work buy the people waith no the way you give money for you vote. The way. I mean to buy the people it's to do something from then and they will see if you are the best choses they can make or fro the country. Whent they see you trying to make the country better or fix something it's bad they will take the best choese fro the country evenben you will do something to the country but you need to be the precident frist and you promese you will do it! the british naturalist this mean the just the naturalist is whent the people come from other country and they stay longer to be a cityssent this mean him will be have to naturalisation from him con from and the new country him staying after him is done with naturalist him can vote whent the coutry has fro vote for any reason like we saying buy and sale of gun on the street. that can be right to do it. the type of stuff you can give a opinion now after you naturalist they are many people on the wrold they mouve to the new country just beacuse the economi and the politicion. they looking better oportunit on life. We can see all this on the goverment like the precident promesse him will do some with he play and never do it. they are other thing he say but he never make a work. I try my best to explant this my best example if I not wrong if the everything it going on on life.

I honest I feel like all this I write for the politician and naturalist I'm be worng or maybe not I never no but I di It my best and I hope the next time I will preper for this I can keep going text by text just taping stuff.