Did you know that teachers work with one of the best culture of the entire world? Teachers work with smart and beautiful students who want to have a bright future. Students argue about having afterschool programs because is bored. I'll rather have afterschool programs because is a better way to improve your skills, is easier to do your homework, and it helps students with special disabilities.

One reason why I'll rather have afterschools program is because it improves your skills more than you could ever had. Afterschool programs are reasons why students have been growing a lot this past years. I had a friend call Generic_Name who had really bad grades, he sign up in a afterschool program and in a few weeks, he already had almost all A's. In transition, this is one reason why I'll rather have afterschool programs.

Another reason why I like afterschool programs is because is a easier and faster way to do your homework. I'll rather do my homework afterschool because they can help me and I could have more free time at home to do whatever I want. Homework is good to improve your grades specially if they count as a quiz grade, because quiz grades count as thirty percent of your grade! Furthermore, There's one more reason why i'll rather have afterschool programs than having nothing.

Last but not least, A reason why a like having afterschool programs is because it helps special students who have disabilities. Special students are the same as regular students, but people say that students who have problems or disabilities count as "Special childs." My brother had difficulties with his reading because he didn't know how to read that much, he went to a special class and he had improve his reading skills over the past ten years. Moreover, This is my last reason why i'll rather have afterschool programs.

This is all of my reasons why I'll rather have special and afterschool programs than not having nothing to do afterschool. My favorite one is that is easier to do your homework because you will have more free time at home. To get in a program, all you have to do is ask for that program's sign up paper and sign it. If you need a fun program in the whole city of Generic_City, NextUp is the best one you could find.