One place that i really want to go is Generic_City, Italy. i really want to go here mainly because of the stuff i can do their. I really want to see the fancy cars that Italy make's like the Lamborghini or the Ferrari an the Alpha Romero or other car that i normally dont see here were i live. I also want to know more about their culture. i wan to learn their language i want to eat their food i want to know how they live if ts ruff or easy or even both. I really want to eat the real Italian food! i always wanted to see if their would be a difference. One other main reason i want to come is for the tours, i want to get on the cannou then paddle and ride the whole channel.

The reason why i really wan to see the fancy cars is because i have a big thing for cars. Ever since i was a little kid my dad will always talk about cars and i'll always be with him ill play with toy cars and and when ever i see i nice car i always call it out saying "thats my mustang gt" or "thats my supra". My cousin always modifies if cars (he's also a car guy) he's another reason why i like cars. He has a Rx-7 every single part is modified he spend more money on his car then he does of him self. When i grow up i'm going to be a car guy like him. Another reason why i want to go to Italy to see the cars is because were i live you would see a Ferrari like once every 1-2 years and over in Italy seeing a Lamborghini must be like seeing a mustang. so that is why i want to see the luxury cars.

I really want to know how their culture is. i want to know how life is over their i want to see if their kind or mean. i want to learn their language so i can talk with them. To me learning their language or understand it will be an easy thing to do. I think it will be easy because Italian and Spanish language is closely the same. I just don't want to be in on part of the country i also want to go to other places because i know that their are different cultures around the country.

I mainly want to try the real Italian food i dont want to be eating the American version of Italian food. I want to see if their a difference of the the foods i want to know witch one tastes better or if they taste the same. thats what i want to know about their culture.

Another thing that i want to do over their is go in tours. i want to go on tours because when i see on the TV shows, movies, and commercials i always say "im tryna go their!". I also want to go to tours over their because i can see the cultures and how places look their. When i go on tour i find out stuff that i didn't know about and finding about new thing is good for your brain. I also always wanted to go to the cannel waters and ride. ever since i was a little kid i would see that people would ride on the cannel waters.

This is why i want to go to Generic_City, Italy. because of all off these fun stuff i can do their. All of these are reasons why i want to go to Generic_City, Italy. I hope one day i can go to Italy and explore their.    