Have you ever thought about asking other people for advice? Perhaps, people sometimes talk to more than one person because they will be able to know which is the best choice to go with, to find their next step, and that person will stop thinking about their choice too much.

FIrstly, the person will be able to know which one is the best choice to go with. I have exprienced it when I make a wrong choice. One time, I planned to clean the car. Than, I asked my parents about it, and they said that You should not clean the car because there is a lot of different diseases that are in the car. I said to myself that my parents are right because I can be sick, tired, and can have different kinds of diseases. Then, I decided that I will not going to clean the car. It is better to ask advise from the people that are your friend or family. Moreover, it will help you to make better choice in your life. One time, I decided to play video games with my friend, and I actually had a test after that day. My friend just ask me that if I have a test. I told him that yes I do have test tomorrow, then he give me an advice that you should not play any video games tonight because video games can make you tired, bored, and can't think about your question in the test. When I thinked to myslef that if I play video games, I will not be able to think on my test the next day of it. I recommend to ask good people fo an advice.

Secondly, the person will find their next step. I have exprience that when I don't find my next step, I would ask for advice from other people. Once, I did not know how to do my next step my math assighnment. I asked my friend that should I multiplie or add, she showed me a trick for an easier way to always find your step when you are stuck on that kind of question. I likly use that trick trick, and I mostly find my step. I recommend that a person will have to ask for advice if they even know the answer. In addition, there was a time that my sister had a problem with her next step. It was an important assighnment so I did'nt help her but, I give some advices and that helped her a lot to, fix her step thet she was stuck. I will say that a person should ask people for an advice.

Lastly, the person will stop thinking about their choice too much. I have expreinced it when I think about my choice so much. Once, I had a choice that I could take the Mock writing SOL or I could get the original and a higher level writing SOL. I always thinked which one should I go for, and one day I was angry for no reason and that was because of how much I thinked about which one I should go with. I asked my dad about this and he said that you should take the original because this is a challenge for you. Additionally, I said to myslef that if I get this writing SOL and if I pass this, my parents ahould give at least a gift and I said to my dad that this challenge is great. Again, I recommend people to ask advice from someone to know and research more about something.

In conclusion, people somtimes talk to more than on person because they will be able to know which is the best choice to go with, to find their next direction, and that person will have to extract his thinking about their choice too much. Consenquently, I would always recommend to ask an advice from a person you know or knows the best.