I agree with Michelangelo's words, because some time when we whant to do things we start a low level because we think we aren't not good enough to do it, even known that we can do it good. And you think others have more opportunitties to have success and you would not have any of them, and it only matter how fast you can learn and how good you do them.

One good example of it could be sports and I have had a time when something like that happened to me. These happened when I was at my last school Generic_School, I knew that the practices to try out for the teams were going to start in 2 days. And I thought about that I could make it to play with which ever one, but when one of my friends told me that a lot of students were going to try out. When he told me that I thought that wasen't good enough and that others could be a lot better than me, so I decided to not try out and I was already playing for one team of Generic_City and they told that if I whant it I could play for both and I answered no. I didn't accept to play with my school and next year I did the try outs just to see if at least I have a good level compared to others and the coach saw how I played and he put my on Varsity team. I played almost all games I got a record, and I archieve one goal that was to proved to me that I could play at a high level even knowing that a year before I was scare to try out.

Another reason Its that really frecuently that people got scared to try a challenge, and to show themself that they can do thing at a higher level than what they think. A similar expample is one of my cousins knew how to work in construction in El Salvador and he was really good at it, and when he just got here in US he knew that there was contruction sites and places that he could work on it. First he told me that we was excited and that he would get one of those joobs and somehow the next day he told me that he wasen't getting it any more. That was not inetersted any more and told that he didn't have enough skills and it was going to be to hard for him. I told him that yes It was going to be hard but he had a lots of skills and knowleage about it and it would take less time for him to learn what they do there. He said he was going to think about it and after a time he got the joob and it olny took him less than a month to know how they operated there and got hired more fast than others, because he was doing a good joob on everything that he has to do. He told me that he was happy to take that joob and first he was wrong when he said that he had not enought skills for that joob.

Also another reason of why I agree with Michelangelo is that I remenber that around 3 and the hallf years ago I played soccer just with friends afterschool and we played just for fun and to relax. I didin't whant it to play for a team because I felt that I was not to good to play for them. One day I was playing soccer afterschool with some friends, and one of my friends dad was a coach for a team of Generic_City and remenbered that he said to all of us that if we whant it to play for him in his team. All my friend got in the team and I was the only one that did not got in, because I felt that I wasen't good enought so i decided to not join the team. And for the next season he was loking for a goalkeeper and I accept it to got in because my friends convinced me to join. After I going and play my first games I sorprise my self and the team to cause I was playing a really good level and we won the league that season. For next season I got a record that was not receiving any goals in 10 games and that lead me to win the best goalkeeper in that season. And at the beggining of my third season our captain left ,and I got surprised that all all in the team wan't it me as a captain and my coach said that I was the captain of the teamI just got really happy.

And won the league and the All Starts tournament that year and since there I have played like 8 season because every year there are 2. I have won for my third year in a row the best goalkeeper in the league. First no one was interested on my and after some seasons almost all team in Generic_City teams whant it me and teams from Generic_City I had like 7 teams that whant it me to play with them.

In conclusion I strongly agree with Michelangelo's words, its really common that the worst danger for most of us is to set our aim too low and achieving less than what we can do, I have had some reason and example but in all of them I realise that if I work hard I can accomplish more than I think I deserve.