On my opinion I be agree with the statement because He was one of the minister,who has more power from other's. Ms Winston had to help other's. For example giving hand and talk about what they can do. The minister Winston, had the responsibility to help others around he, and give enthusiasm to what they can do and how far they can go.

Them Let's say on my class my teacher ask to work with others I had to work and show up. For example: let's talk about work in group,help each other giving ideas to we can add on the project. The terms was tried if you fails show up and do cause there is how you can be better. If you make a mistake no problem on other time you can do more better on my opinion there is how the minister can work.

In addition there the things can Minister Winston do was talk about with others if they be agree. Because if they do not be agree with the statement was cause they had to know that and see is the achievement work successful too.

Now I take the my position on my opinion many people like me came to this country and looking for better opportunities to we don't have in our country. Also we had to learn the languages what is hard but we tried to what we can do and show up how we can be better on the future.

But many student had a long history or someone didn't graduated cause many student had to pay rent or thing to what's hard to work after school and don't have to much time to sleep, any ways we had to work hard.

Also many student show what they can do and how far they can go, Also many emigrant people came here to found a safe place to live so the mind on our country we don't many security.

Now I'M be here work hard, sometimes I like to help people when they get travel or didn't understand what we do. Also I tells them to din't do bad things cause if you get travel you get problem them your record contain a bad thing, until now I to my best it's hard sometime to understand but everyday when I be at home I practice or read book thats one thing can help everyone who want to learn more English. For example if you read a book like 20 minutes you learn and know how to pronounce that work that help you to main ten your vocabulary an read faster.

I'm a student who like to help others and like to share new ideas with other and talk about what we want to on a future. a couples of thing I want to share are : thanks the program for help us and the teacher who help us with new things everyday.