Pursuit of success what is success mean? Do success really consists of going from failure to failure withour give up? What do I think about success? Do I know what succes mean? Have I feel success about something that I did? Do I know anybody that success after a lot fail withour loss their snthusiasm? Have I ever give up in something that I thought never could be success on it? Do I agree with churchill's statement about the important role that failure play in the pursuit of success?

Which is my opinion?

First of all, to me success is to be good at what you do, cooking, driving, boxing, flying, playing sport or teaching it dosn't matter what it is, if you are good on it you are going to be succesful. And yes. I believe that to be success really consists on going from failure to failure withour give up. because sometime we need to know how it feel to fail in order to feel what is success mean. you know. To me those people that didn't work hard, don't know how failure feel like are the one that faster go down, cuz they don't care about it, unti they got there.

My thinking about success, is the that's the best moment of a person who fighting and fighting for what he or she wants withour giving up unti his/her last breath. You know. One year ago when I went to my country, I hear a lot of peaple saying this guy die unhappy cuz he didn't enjoined at all what he work so hard to accomplish. and then the guy who was the death guy bestfriend and partner said. he didn't die unhappy cuz he die doing what he wanted to do all his life. Later I began to think about that ask to myself is really important fight and fight to success in something and I know that everyone there did the same because they all stay quiet for a few secands. And after that. success to me is be good at what you want, fight for it, and be happy.

Since I remenver my family telling me, that the most important things on life are those that you make by you on. You know. My family are very poor people. So when I was like 11 yuears old I deciIde to get a job, so I could buy things like pencil, pen thigs like that and went to my neighbor have a factory of cofe and he pay me like 1 dollar but in dominican money every day. In a few day a lot of pencil, and a began to sell then. I never had to be worrie for those things any more or money for project. I guess that time feel really seccesful I was doing something the really worked.

I have a friend who is now a professional boisboll player, he fail a lot of time the test to be a professional beisboll player because he didn't had what was needed to pass it, and he didn't give up until pass it. He was so happy that they. i have had give up in a lot of things. looking back now that I think about if I will put more enthusiasm on it, maybe I would success.

I gree with winston churchill's statement about the important role that failure plays in the pursuit of successs. because I know how it feel fail, and success. I know many people who had afil, and fail, and fail, and then success.

by:

Generic_Name