Yes I identify with churchill and his statement that for us to reach what we want, we have to pass for a lot of things.

For us to be able to achieve our goal, it doesnt matter if our goal is a short goal or a long goal, first of all we have to pass some difficulties to be able to reach the goal that we want. If we want to see the results of success in our life we never have to loss the enthusiasm on it to be where we want it to be.

To reach the porpose that we want is something fantastic because only the person that fight for them know what they have had to pass to reach the goal. How can we be a support for does people that need help to reach their achievements, but for our on self is difficult to give us a impulse to reach our own goals. The things in this life are hard nothing is easy, but not impossible. What can we do for us, so we can always have the the enthusiasm high, so we can have the decisition to tell our self we got this. Sometimes there have to be a person to give us a shove to undestand that we got it. In my opinion and I say this because this happen to me all the time, I give out advice , I help those people that dont believe on there selfs no more, give them a word to push them to keep goinginto the get it and tell themnever put there self down.

Every single one that have complete a goal have had to pass on problems, that you have problemts doesnt mean that you are on the way to give up, to throw everything you have done at this point. Those problems, those failure you have had are helping you to bild your character, to change the way you see life to see the things with other prespective. I never heard someone saying that reaching something is easy, fast or simple. To be successful is something hard, its a huge feeling to get your own respect that you can do it. Being successful is something difficult to overcome, the reward is amazing. It is a nice thing to see everything whta we had go over to get where you at is just for the effort that you put on it. Is a bless to go forward in life tellingpeople how to do, what to do so they can get a advice from you to be a successful person, to try very hard to achieve their goals.

In conclusion to be a winner require to pass all difficulties that life give out. Those failure are horrible but at the end of the day of the day you will understand why did it happen. Whene you get along very well you would say now I understand how to haddle out this problems. Like i said before to achieve something is like get out of the something and enter to other failure. when the years pass out you will have create anew version of your character, personality that you construct, this new person will have the capacity to make the hard esay. In my opinion I believe that getting or achieving our goals consist on a route of failure, problems, difficulties, ect. The things that are up on the hill those that are hard to reach are the great ones, the right ones. 