I think that some things that we thought not are true in the history the students they will work is not the best effort. They believe that the source of true is self esteem is achevement. I take a positions on this issue I think that will look in the future. I think that are different peoples some person not look its future only think that the life them treat only of to live but not undertoond that not is only life. I think that students have reason of thougtht that is this is an achievement not is easy we have a achievement yes we have a achievement in this life because yes not have an achievement I do know that you thought in my opinion the trues is the point number firts in this life because that is really happened the true is import always me question for me is that yes not have true all away different.

Some things of this paragraph elieve o this prompt is that understand that the students they believe that students must be self confident and that sense have this world power CONFIDENT are two world confident and confidence Confident is feeling or showing that your are sure about your own abilities opcions and confidence is trust or stong belief in someone or something. I have every confidence in ability to do the job. They have much confident and they have much order to learn more order is to tell someone to do something in a strong way which does not permit him to refuse and without saying they ordered to learn more learn is to get knowledge a skill they learning work they thounght that are the best.

They have achievenment something that is done successfully espeacially through hard work or skill. The act of finishing something successfully the feeling that you get when you have finished something sucessfully. They in learning by lowering to move someone or something down to make something less in amount or quality. I think that the life have must chance or opportunity of have one better life of enjoy every moment yes have work hard but always enjoy every minut every hour every every year with the family is important in this life not all only have that them job always think that have must time and to stop one moment and look this life will look the future.

What is an future? an future is at or to a greater distance in time more to a greater degree the board needs time to consider the matter futher. I can't remember any futher back than 1995 at or to a greater distance in space. However many people also use futher when talking about distances especially in formal coversation only futher can be used in other senses we need a futher week to finish the project but make your life no have self rich with only proffession make your future preofession a type of job that needs special training or skill especially one that needs a high level of education and yes have one occupation is always a job or profession always a employment is a work specially when it is done to earn money it's very difficult to find work at the moment.

I think that yes have a carrer like the student best effort but work I think that I can always but have a carrer the job or series of jobs that someone has in a particular are of work usually involving more resposibility as time passes I have a friend she had a very distingushed carrer in medicine she have a profession I do know because is different a prefession with carrer or trade I think that a trade is a hob always but specially one that involves working with your hands and requieres special training but now talking of the students I think that not have a job because thought that they not have a experience in a job.

I do know that must talking of this only think in the job and the student that the other people thought that they no have experience and that is esperience is to have somehing happen to you to feel something it was the firts time I had ever experenced failure and experinced is having the knowledge or skill that is necessary for something the true this student put in me an expiration because the point important this but they is the true they have a good point the sincerity the quality of being sincere or honest sincere used about a person really meaning or believing what you say not pretending sincerely in a way that shows what you really feel or think about someone or something.

The student's have praising like you say when you are expressing admiration for someone or somethig I think that they have a precaution always precaution in the job I think precaution is something that you do now in order to avoid danger or problems in the future. We took the precaution of locking our valuables in the things with safe like precautions against fire. The students I think that they thought in implore when you implore someone when the situation is very serious and you need something very much.

They had importance about the job the decision was of great importance to the future of the business they have importance of this job only person not have tolerance but learning other people what is tolerance is like to allow accept someone or something especially opinions or behavior that you do not agree with or people who are not like you and other word is intolerance the ability to suffer something especially pain difficukt conditions the student only working together but self better so that two or more things are mixed with joined.

The other people no have compassion they no are considerable with students I think that they had considerable difficullty in getting the students they have a opinion are work the important is the true they must consider the matter carefully before they make our choice to have something in my opinion I think about someone or something in a particular way. They need considered that not are riks wastoo great to remember or pay attention to something the like the students is they have repect not are angry for no have experience in the job they are intelligent for no have insecurity is this I like not have insecure not are they have security Ilike they