When older student work with smaller students, it can make friends, it can also help smaller student and older student.

When older student and smaller student work together it can make friends because both student have to work together so they have to listen and talk to each other, so they can be friends. When they talk to each other they can learn more about the other person like they can know what they like or what they don't like. So they can learn a lot from each other. It mean that when you make friend it can help the smaller kids.

It can help the smaller kid because they can uderstand better about the lesson because they know then if they don't understand something someone is gonna to help them to understand. They can say their opinion because ththe older and smaller student do not have a lot of different age like could have 4 or 5 years old more then tem so that is not a lot, so it can be easyer to the small kid to explain you what their opinion is. They can also ask a question when they want because sormely they have to wait that the teacher is finish an other student to ask the question but if there are also older student which alredy do the lesso you can ask them your question. The work by different age help the small kid but it can also help the old kid.

It can help the old kid because it help them to stay calm to do not be in stress, because with small kid you have to dpeak slow and do not be angry because they do not understand you are saying. If they understand what you are saying it mean that you have to find an other way to explain it like speak cleerly with simple words because don't know all the long and difficult word. The older student have maby forget this lesson so they can relearn the less at the same time then the small kids, but it will be easyer for the older student because he will remenber quicly. So when the small and big kid work together it can creat benefits and it can help the both of the student.

So when older student work with smaller students, it can make friends, it can also help smaller student and older student. So I realy think it is importante for the small and old kid to work together, because they both have benefits to do it.                