People have more oportunity to graduate more early. The program have benefits for all the students. Also they can make a plan to take curses during the summer or the evenings. People think is a good idea for the students does not can finished the school, and they can finished in this program. After they finished the school, they can enter to study in the college.

First, people think is a good idea because they can graduated more early. Everyone has a oportunity to finished the school in three years. Also for the other students do not can continue study, this program is a oportunity for continue, and they can finished. For the students have a older years they can study in this program. They can take the oportunitues to study the curses during the summer or evenings.

Second, the program have benefits for all the studnts. Some people not can finished the school because they work, but with this program they can do the both things. The students can to study, and work. They need do both things because they not have help to other person, for that reason many students forget the school, and they choice the work to the school. The benefits is their can continue study and finished school.

Next, some people can take a curses during the summer or the evening. For the students not have many economic, and they working for their can continue to finished school.

Also in this program they can graduated more early and they have a good age. After they can go to the college or university for they can continue thier careers. Some students choice study in the evening because in the morning they work or have other differents planes with their families or other activities. Other prefer study in the evening because is more interesting and more funny.

In conclusion, some people think is good idea to the school offer programs to the students. They can continue study, and they can graduated more early to the school. The students can go more to the college in a good age. They can finished the school in three years. For the students not have many economic have benefits, because they not have help to other person they can work in the worning and they can study in the evening. The students can do the both things. Also they can finished the school they can go to the college or university for finished their caree.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               