Succes come from failure without loss enthusiasm. Success does not come as a easy as a it sounds, succes comes from har work and failures.

Succes is not somethig everyone can reach specally without fails and enthusiams. Fail mades people stay down but people decide if yhey want to be down or work harder until they success.

Cristiano Ronaldo is one of the best soccer playes in all the world. When he begins his soccer correar ,he was seen as a normal soccer player, he fail some many times. There were soccer games when he did not score any goals or his team loss. His enthusiasm made him work harder and harder. Hard work made him the person who he is now, he is considered by so many people the best soccer player of all the history but is wasen't easy, fails made him work harder in order to success in his correar after 15 years he keep working hard to be succefully in life.

Enthusiam made people work harder until they reach succes. Enthusiam is the feeling that makes people go foward even they fail multiple times. When people have the type motivation fail is just a symple word becuase most of the people want to keep trying until they finally succes in life.

My mom is a good example , a few months ago she was trying to get her Driver Licence Permit. In order to get it she had to took a test that consist about all the rules in the road. She fail the first time, she was sad beucause she could not get her permit but she had a big motivation inside her that impulsed her to go and retake the test again. She fail the test twice , she never give up she worked hard to pass the test. She did not tooked the test 3 or 4 times, she toked 5 times until she finally passed the test and she got her permit, months later she go her Driver license. She fail so many times but she never give up. When you want to succes does not matter how many times you fail, you most get up work hard until you succes . As you can see, succes consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.