Once in a while we all have been heard a phrase; "TRY, TRY, UNTIL YOU SUCCED". We all have been gone through failing, at some part of our lives. But we never give up and we do our best. And at the end we get more of it. Yes we accomplish more if we are always doing something. There are few people who don't agree to this statement. They say doing something more will not let you do other work. But rather than seating ideal, we should always try new things around. Trying new things can give new experience. Also, you can get better at things. And, moreover it also makes you strong. Rather than seating ideal, doing nothing; we should always keep on trying new things.

We humans always have dreams of doing things like: Sports, Cooking, Adventure activities, getting into music, dance, and many more. Doing something and trying out new things will always give you new experience. I wanted to learn guitar from my childhood but, it was not possible when i was in school. During my last summer break i joined guitar classes. It was next level experience to me. I learned so many new things which i never knew about guitar. There, i also met new people and made new friends. Meeting new people and knowing interesting facts about their lives is also a new experience.

On the other hand their are some people who says trying new things don't give you experience, and it also wastes your time. But if we want to at least full fill our dreams then we have to keep on working hard.

There are few people who argue; doing same things everyday won't give you anything and you will also not able to focus on other things. But that's not true. Doing same thing again and again can make you better and you can be best in the future. let's just talk about me when i joined my guitar classes. On the very first day i didn't knew nothing about guitar. Their were lots of things like: cords, tunes, vocal. This all were like a big giant algebra equation which were kept in front of me, in which i didn't even knew how to solve for x. I knew a little bit of knowledge how to play with guitar string, but i never knew much things in details. On the very first day when i went to my guitar class i was not really good. But after continuing playing for a month i actually started improving at that. And today i'm really good at playing guitar.

There are many individual who says that trying new things is a fail. And later it demotivates you and make you feel depressed and upset. Many of us our not really good at things. We fail at many things at first. In this situation many of us give up and don't try to take a second chance. But do we actually know that failure is the biggest key to success and it also teaches you many lesson. I'm not really great student who can Handel math. I failed in algebra1 in my 9th. Every test, every quiz, i used to get D or either F. But failing at same things again and again until i started getting good grades thought me so many new things. And it also made me more stronger. Failing makes you more stronger so that in future also you can fight with it.

In conclusion seating ideal will never make you succeed. Trying new things is a opportunity to learn new things and explore things around you.                       