The beach is the best place on earth!! A beach is a place by the ocean with sand. Most beach's have a board walk where people can walk up and down for fun. There are always stores along the board walk that have amazing things for people to take back home. One place I would love to visit is Virginia Beach because the wonderful water. I would spend all day on the beach and most of the night on the amazing board walk.

When I would spend the day on the beach I would ride the big waves on my stomach even tho it hurts but its still fun. Also, I would go boggy boarding because its hard to stay on if you don't time when to jump on the wave right, I would usually bring my own board from home but the waves are so strong mine would brake and I would always have to buy a new one over there. My all time favorite thing to do is play on the sand when I to tired of being in the water for too long. I would usually build a long and tall sand castle then run throw it and get my mom mad because I just got sand all over her. Then my dad would dig a big whole in the sand then put me in it while my brother holding me down my dad would cover me with sand so that just my head would sick out, they would usually leave me in there for about 20 minutes or so

With this in mind, at night I would love going on the board walk and explore all the cool places. Most night there would be a band playing outside next to a Sonic fast food outdoor restraint and they would have a game where people can win two free meals if you guess how many Jolly ranchers are in the jar. Then me and my dad would rent bikes and ride all around the board walk for like an hour or so to see everything that is there. Once it hits like 10:30 my brother, sister, and I would go on the sand and find cool stuff on the ground with flash lights then we would all sit down, listen to music and talk for about two hours. At like 12:00 we would go back to the hotel and while my mom and dad sleep we would sneak out and go eat out at the 24/7 all you can eat restraint.

With all these fun ideas, I would love to visit Virgina Beach and have a great time with the family. Going on the beach for th day and the borad walk at night is the best thing to do.