Do our character have to be formed by that way the we performed or by influences. Your character will be what yourself choose to make it. We should formed our character by influences beyond our control.

In addition, by the influences that we receive day by day we chooses how to be creating our character. For example, I introduced my character in the situations the I pass, that help me how to be a better person. Also, sometimes we take our family advice, they tried to persuade our character by doing incorrect things. In others words we can said that they just want to influences our self because they ready pass for al this things that is good because we can see how much love they have to us. Is wonderful when your mom tell you the she can't believe that way the you get influences because sometimes we don't want to get they advice but all that they said is correct event if we don't want to believe then. For example my parent always want the betters things to me but i know if i don't try to fix my character I going to have less opportunities to have a better job or a better future. Also, Things are necessary somethings is hart to change our character because we think the we are okay but other think all the appositive, so we never have to think the we are fine because the never is going to happened always we have to be better in some thing we need to be honest with our lives and accept what we are doing wrong is more better to accept our errors and there is went we are going to see how our character change in a better way and then we are going to feel happy about our character and our lives.

Moreover, The influences control our character by the way the we act and think. For example, I was a person the if something I don't like I really have to talk to you the was horrible. Also my mom help me to change my character in my way to act because went sometimes people tell me things the I really don't like I do bad faces to then, I was doing bad with that. In other way, we don't think in the consequences of having a bad character, sometimes we don't think if others are going to see the actions in our lives and they maybe are going to influences you but no we the same attitude, because some people have bad attitude to but all the influences help you in life because if you don't like the people act with a bad attitude you don't have to be like that to. Also, you have to be prepared to make the decisions of what changes you are going to make. Having a good character gives you large of opportunities people always is looking for person with a good character,because costumer look the. In addition, all thinks the people said about you help you with your character, don't feel sad because you change your way to think. Obviously the take your time because you are not going to change in one morning but with a professional character more doors are going to open and more opportunities came so take other people influences.

Some people argument the we should choose our own character traits, because some people just are going to tell you bad opinions in the way the you have to act. Moreover, some people believe the is no necessary to get a great character. In other hand we have to feel free in what we want to do we know what we need to change we don't have to do what others want because sometimes they just look for they benefits what is better for then and that dont have to be like that. In addition, some people don't care if you are okay, or how you feel. In addition others argument the is necessary listen to others influences because sometimes we don't find a way to resolve our character problems bur other know what to do and they try to find a way to make you live easy. For example, I know some people the dont know how to control they character when they are mad soy they contact person the know how to act in the situations. Also, some people take careers for find solution to person the have serious problems with they character I really dont know if is normal the people get mad went they want to eat, I have a friend with the problem in my point of view the is not normal because i never pass from the situation so I can't help her but people the have long time studying on the yes they can tell her what way to eat or i don't know but they have a solution for the problem in her character. In Addition all this problems can help you to have a good character a better attitude because is necessary for talk with other because we need to have a way a formed how to talk without breaking they feelings because as humans the we are we feel sad went other trade us with a mad face and sometimes we performed don't talk to then. So always remember the a good attitude change to many things.

In Conclusion, sometimes is necessary be influencing by other because they give you different ways how to be working in your character. In addition they received influences by other help you with the control in your character by changing a your way to act and covert you in a better person. Also help your character in a better way to think, in be focus on your ideas. In conclusion all this things are necessary in whatever way the you want to used then because in the proved of the live all things are necessary event if are smalls things they are necessary don't thing the people just influences your self in change your character because they just want to fight with not the is not like that is people is trying to give you a better influences about how you have to act because they always want better things to you. Always if you do bad on your character they are going to tell you and I thing the is more better if they tell you what you are doing wrong the others persons the you don't know came just for the just because you don't want to obey always think in you future. The is necessary a excellent character for a better work or food different's things the you want to realized.