We all dose mistake in our life . If your going from failure to failure without loss enthusiasm you will not going to learn from your mistake, Sometimes we need to feel bad about something wrong we did in our life because if we didnt feel bad or sad we will keep doing our mistake and we will not fail in the same things.

Me and My friend we took

IB math together , last year it was so hard for us. one day she talked to me and she says: Generic_Name you will not pass this class because your grade is not good you better change it or you will take it next year .

I went home i felt stressed for one hour a about what she says to me , later i told to my self that she is true about every thing she says meanwhile i didnt t study for the exam and i didnt want to study .

On the exam day i didnt stressed my self I was OK , I ask my friend did you study ? She says i didnt study ,I feel happy because its Friday .We took the exam both of us didnt pass but the thing i felt so bad, When i went home. My dad ask me about my grade , i told him that i didnt pass because it is hard for me .

I remember he got mad at me and i didnt says nothing that time . i remember he told me that is one of my big mistakes that i didn't try or study for the exam also he says that it is nooses nothing is hard if you try your beast , you can do it . he make me feel so bad about my grade, self so called my friend because i thought she will feel bad like me but she was so happy and she didnt care about her grade.

I took decision that i need to be A + student in this class , all my class , I decide to pursuit of success and push my self hard no mater what .

I start to study all the weekend for my math IB class also I exert my best .

On Monday i ask my teacher if i can retake the exam for me , my friend .

The exalt was so easy because i studied very good for it

, my friend didnt impact from me , She got a bad grade, She kept going from failure to failure with out loss any enthusiasm that why she didnt change and she is the one who took the this class this year because she didnt pass it .for example if she felt something she will be success in the class and her life. Moreover Failure should impact negative because if its not negative the people will neglect their failure and mistake.