People often credit their succeses having a good attitudes. Thats is a good thing you can do. But alot of people don't, only a handfull of people credit their succes. You can change that when you have difficult time with life you can have a good attitude. I know its super hard and out of this word it just does not make no sense but theres benefits. Wow theres benefits thats super lit and i can prove because i saw it in youtube or use my smart brain. The number one benefits having a good attiude in difficult time is you have good luck like becoming a word class soccer player only with a bit of luck and good attitude you will make it. With charming good attitudes people will follow you in difficult time beacuse you got good attitudes. If you got a bad attitude people will easliy guess that you have a bad day or difficult time, people will stay away from you and that not good at all. Another benefits having a good attitude in difficult time is you will be happy in life you will be so happy that you could be the joker that never have bad attitude in difficult time. Having a good attitude in difficult time is the best it can helps not doing bad choices in the outside word. Theres one thing I want to share with the people about benefits, good attitudes in difficult time can change your life just think of it how much time have you have difficult times in your life just add good attitude in difficult time you will so succesful that you make trump jealous that will be awesome.

In my own experience having a good attitude in difficult times fells so uncomforable but its worth it. In the finals we lost the score was one to zero but I was in a good attitude in a really difficult time that we lost. My teammates was in a bad attitudes try to cheer them up and I said ''at least we went though to the semi finals it was quite hard for us.'' Then my teammate was quite happy because going to the the finals is hard. That my experience how good attitude changed my teamates in diffcult times. Having a bad attitude in dfficult time is harsh trust me when my cousin rage quite in fifa when he got a bad attitude in diffcult time, when its raining the internet did not work I was chilling in his bed you know but I hate the rain too so I was in a bad attitude. So we both was in a bad attitude so I have witnessed one a bad attitude we was fighting not physical but kind of we were talking smack each other. But we do that when we have a bad attitude but why I said in my head we never have a good attitude in diffcult time in current time,but long time it was lit beacuse we have good attitude because we awalys go to the park and play soccer. We have great time even if it was raining long time ago we have good attitude in diffcult time. For me good attitude in diffcult time feels like heaven only if you do it right, but bad attitude in dfficult time is the devil. This is why good attitude in difficult time will be the best and help you succed in life.    