I want to work at a supreme store for a day in Generic_City or Generic_City. And seeing if im a good worker and to see if the boss will let me stay there . to work there for a while. what makes me want to work there. Its to get experiences i want to help him with his work and i want to feel all the presser he gets so one day i try to start something ill have the experiences. So thats why i want to work there. I want it to be my first job. so i can learn how to work.

Why i want to work there is because supreme toys or hats or cups are vary valuable and by the older it gets the more is caused. so it gets more expensive by the time lot of people go for old staff because its valuable and if you want to resell it youll make money of of it. but new thing or valuable to if the people like it and if it sells out . people make a living out of it because some thing cause millions of dollars working there can get me thing that are vary expensive for free of half the price. working there can help my brother and i because i can tell my brother what are they going to drop and what they are making for the future. I want to help my brother to have a big supreme culechion so one day he can sell it and make lots of money i want to help my family.

my brother and i cutlet supreme. each week they drop new supreme things like bags and cups and hats t shorts they drop new thing each Thursday and new thing they dont drop the same things because if they drop the same things each week the value of the the thing they dropped it will go down so they make share that everything the drop is new. I want to work there because i cant get things faster and i can see what there going to drop every Thursday. And i cant see what there making whats on its way for the future. and one day i want to move to Generic_City or visit it for a summer vacation. In Generic_City and

Generic_City both have a supreme store. but Generic_City is the original place where it was first created.

I feel like ill be caorthuble working there because thats the thing i like doing and thats the type of stuff ill like to sell and I will like working there because my brother likes supreme and i like it to. I think working in the supreme store can sometime give use free stuff. I dont know if its a good working there or if they pay good money to work there for a day or two but thats why i want to try something new some thing that i enjoy. supreme is not that expensive when it drop but when you buy it and then resell it thats when the price go up.

I feel like working there in the supreme store is fun because working there you can talk to lots of people works there or go shopping. i like showing people about the history of supreme when it first came out or when did it start getting famous and i like telling stories about the things they sell. After doing all of that i want to start my own organization so i can start something like that thats why i want to work there because i can learn about the how he started supreme and what he did to make supreme famous. But theres a lot of people that get supreme and make a living out of it like they buy it and then make there own website and then they sell it for lots of money.

thats how Gucci started that had hard time but one day the blue up they started selling a lot of things but Gucci is very expensive. But i feel like its fun to start some bigness like that.

I feel like working there is going to be fun i want to see how it feels how to work there and i want to see if im a good worker. So i want to show the boss that im a good worker but i want to see if that job is for me because if i go and work there for a day and the boss likes me and tells me to stay and i dont want to stay working there because the job is no for me im going to regret it. But if i like it and the boss tells me to stay i will stay and maybe move to

Generic_City of & Generic_Citynbsp; but i want to go there for a summer so work docent distraked me from school. and then i can see if i can start a store over hear. I think the supreme store is a good job. My brother and i are trying to start a big supreme culashoin. so i think they should let me stay.              