AFTER SCHOOL HOMEWORK CLUB

Generic_Name

INTRODUCTION:

Havent you ever thought of starting an after school homework club for students who are having difficulty in certain subjects?.

BIGININ:Well in certain states school barely have extra help for students for Example in El Salvador, Nicaragua, Honduras and more states but in the united states is different they have extra programs the main thing is us the students they want a good education in my Generic_School we have an after school it's call Hornet 21 and in my opinion i think that having a program like that is awesome why you might be asking well here are some few reasons 1st of all you get to see on what the students need help 2nd of all you get to ask them on what they get stuck or don't understand. 3rd of all you get to meet you'r teacher and they get to meet you. there some students that are to shy to talk about it this will also help the teachers on where or what group they should them to work on what do they need work on? witch would be very helpful them and there teachers and the teachers might notices some changes or not. not every mistake can be change but you can start fresh again.

FIRST: it would also be helpful to see on what subject there really good and they are confident about it those teachers who help on everything like they know everything they move from one to another class room they could help those kind of students that get homework from different subjects for example like Math,Scients, Social studies. and the teachers could inform the students teacher on what there struggling and on what there all good on I mean you never know if those student's could be are next president or are next doctor, police.

this program is also nice because it helps students practice English not for all of them but for some of them yes this help me a lot.

MIDDLE: this program will also make the student proud of them self a little thing can change our world to be come better our country need programs like this programs that are going to success us programs that were going to be proud of this kind of programs have help a lot of students i know sens elementary school and not should middle school have it high school and elementary to and is also nice because some parents come late to work and the program would be finishing about 4:50 so there going to be fine when they get home so they can be home alone this after school activity would also get them prepare for there exams they could study and they would easy get an A or a B. END You could also do this to a student who doesn't want to do there work or nothing you can make them stay in after school and they can finish what they decided to not do and that might be a big lesson for them to learn you could also tell some of the students to spread the word to some of there friends so you could get more students everyday and if they stay Monday,Tuesday, Wednesday on Thursday and Friday they could have a free day you could have them do soccer basketball anything they want if they deserved it, you could also announced one day so the whole school would know about the program this could also be fun for the teachers not just for the students teachers to well that's what i think on a after school homework club. Base on this information I can say that schools do need this program Because it's really helpful for the student's. outside in the worlds there some kids who don't even know what school is because there working to feed there family. The community should do more programs like this so students get extra help. not all the county gets to have fun activities like us. and my opinion is yes it's good to have after school programs for schools and kids who care and that have a featured.