Yeah we all have our own freedom but well that's not always true a lot of people let others control them. So it is said

Author Ralph Waldo Emerson wrote " To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment"

Like i said we all have our own idividuality that what makes us we have our own way of being, own name and own way of looking we are just our selves. Specifically individuality shows us that not everything should be given to you if you want something you work hard for it but also it's a sign of your own development that you can do everthing by your self but it's because you are who you are and no one can change you. Therefore, itis proven that it's better to be individual than anybody else just giving you everything by hand .

"FREEDOM!" is a good word all of us love to hear. When you realize you can do anything by yourself you feel like no one can stop or as free as the wind but theres always going to be obsticles without a doubt. To be Indivdual it can happen to any one such as a kid who has learned to do thier stuff alone or when you move out of your parents house and get your own home. It honestly can happen to anyone becuase thiers so many types to define the word individual. well to fell free is not a bad thing after all .

When your individual you mean something to this world because you think about yourself. You set your own goals and accomplish them and you maintian yourself the way you are it's even more better becuase it's the hugest goal anybody should have to not let anybody change you wreck all you have accomplished. To your self you feel like you value your self and it's not bad at all to value yourself because it biulds self confidence within you and that means you have you feet on the ground and yeah your ready to face any obsticale.

No one should define you except you because the world will defenitly try to change you but if you don't aceppt it won't happen like Author Ralph Waldo Emerson said "To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment" whom we have someone to look up to and understand that to be inividual is okay.