In the years Thomas Jefferon be the President in that years many people loss they job or many people don't get the employement many people died for not get food or medicine they would not had job to get money and buy what they need to continue to they lifes. The people who life in the past they now are us ancestor but when they live the job it's in the farm or building they jobs are very hard and they work a lot and not get to much money for the families, the money they get for one day to work a lot and the little money they get its not to much for to get food,water, medicine etc. In the past the people don't have the technology we had on today that works they do its coming to har because they dont have the machines we had today to get the jobs more easy. Everyday the technology we have on today that technology help us a lot to get the jobs easy and more easy, and get more money to buy the all things we need to buy and pay to continue with us life, in the past and today the jobs is the property to all we need to do to get the resources we need at home. The jobs are not only for to get money the jobs its for to get the experience to one day on the future we need to teach to us childrens to they get a better life and when they get a job they know what they need to do, and when they are adult they form they own family and the experience they get in the past they would teach to the family.

In the all world we had many countries they had differents jobs and cultures the experience we get for others countries that help us to do better things day by day.

Everyday all people go to they own jobs and they use a machines to get the job easy and don't get tired quick we don't need to work all days we need to spend time with the family and do a food watch a movie talk about what are doing at job, school, the family is the property more important in us lifes, we need to get a job for to get that familie in good healthy. the childrens they had less than 16 years they don't understant the importance its to get a job and get money we spend in the future to buy a new thing the people invented or to buy things for the family, this childrens they only think about games, friends and they don't think about the importance the family is and saw how famly is very happy when they see we do the same things to the experience they teach, when parents teach something they do to us get a better life and don't get bad friends bad deccisions, bad influences, they think about own future they want to see that little son grow up for to do good things in own life and don't be never go down, us parents want to see we form a good family in a good place and that family never go down, the childrens we need to teach the all good things in this world and don't give games, phones the electronic devices for they birthay, they dont need all that, the need spend time to family in a river camping on the beach, but the electronic only do bad things, i saw a childrens more young then me and they smoke, consume drugs and that thing its not good for us healthy, if you do a tatto when you go to find a job they say, look its a ganster menber and when you listen that you feel really bad, us families and job are help us to us future be a good person. when you loss the job that is hard because you know all about that job and you don't find a similar job, when you get a job don't go a sit or look the iphone, the boss get mad and he say don't come to work anymore that is terrible situation.

The money we get for a job that help us but the money its go and comig againg its things about the life its happen forever and never change the people are be scare to spend they own money but the money come aging, when you spend the money you get for a job uou wold think in what you need to spend that money. maybe a get all this whrong but i try writen all things a listen, saw in my life my experience.

The things of the job you would need to care and dont be destroy, that thing help us to get that job for to much time and get more money to do wherever you want, when you come to other country and you go a house and you saw to much things but the person had all thathe work a lot for to get all he had in his house. The jobs are important because the time we had in that job, we grown up and the experience we get its go up to come to a profecional one day. Everyday we need to wake up and think what you would do in tha all day, try to create a new things use the technology we had for to do wherever we want. we had to much time to think and create, invented a lot thigs maybe that help a people in the future, the people are very important becuase its they don't invented thins like a machines all technology today we saw in the all world, the jobs they had its invented things new everyday and surprice the people. the jobs this perons had, the technology help they a lot to contine and the population grown up.

In the past to many years ago the population its not like todya we had technology and to much thing that help us a lot everyday, the population in the past hey don't pay the biils like today, rent or something, they would work on they own farms and grown up evryday, the ancestor we had in the past they work a lot and they suffer bacuse they dont get a lot money for buy supplies to they family. you konw much people say i don't need to work my parent give me all i need, but they know what importance it to get own money by us self, that money it's your and you do wherever you want.

In this world many people everyday they wake up and they dont do nothing they only walk around the house and they dont go to work they avert they family, friends only for not go to the job, the family and many friends are important because that people help you to continue your life, if you alone you would be get fell sad and you cry, and you would get the smoke drink alcohol, and you destroy your own life, you wold need go out side and spend time with family and friends everyday, and be happy..