Had the technology a negative or positive effects on people's lives? People are having a negative effects with the technology, I think people can't control it. At this time everybody are forgeting how beutiful is lives with out technology. We can do alot of things with out it. For example: Play outside with friends, go to libraries, and stay outside with natural. Some people say the kids have to have limitation of what they doing on they computer or cells phones. On the other side people say that is good for teenager having not limitation because they can learn more. I think teenager need a limitation of what they doing in the phones. Furthermore parents should cheking what they doing in the internet.

However, some people think is good for teenager not having a limitation because they learn more for their future. On the other hand some people say that that tenenager can't complete a taskd with out having contact with other person. I thinbk having a conversition with other is good because you get to know that person and also get stronger the relationship. When you meet a strager in the internet is dangeous, not everyone is a good person. Some parents think that the kids are just playing in the internets but they do not. I think having a conversiation to you or playing games without speaking I think that have a limitation until you know well that person.

In addition, sometimes people used to buy alot of things from the internet without knowing that person, that is dangerous. People that are seeling on wedsides that always offer what the really have or maybe they just want the money. If you going to buy anything for the internet just make sure the wedside is safes. Buying staff for the internet is getting wrong because people do not want to go aout and spend time with family. Since wedsides liike Amazon, Ebay, and others came up people atart get all they need from wedside. Bad people are used this on favor to them, they are creating so many fake wedsides to racket people.

To continue with, I think a good way to get the kid out the technology is take them to have fun outside like hand out with friends, having friends in a computer like into a videogame or a social media is not healty for the kids. You have to get to know the person before play or talk to them. Sometimes people trick the kids ask them to do bad things.

That why technology shoul not be allow for kid at all or if parents decide to give a cells phone or a computer always have to be a limitation.

Technology does not aloww people to complete task with out haave a contact with others. I think this is having a negative effects on people lives, people are getting racket because they used to maney wedsides. Wedsides are not save you have to have a limitation and also take care of the like. Kid are also getting into the technology they are losing their childhooh. Furthermore parents have to a limitation on their kids and put a limit on them.