Many people believe that the infulences from others make us change on who we are, I believe that. Growing up we all had good and bad infulences at school, home, or in any other place. As a kid, every little thing you see or hear; you copy. Thats why you have to be careful what happens around kids, because it may affect them later on in life.

For an example, when parents argue infront of there kids its tramatizing and they may learn from that. Once there all grown up they can either be better then there parents or exactly the same or even worse, all because they were influenced by there parents arguments. Its not only just the arguments but when parents are abusive towards each other or when parents hit there childern, even the use of drugs, it will affect the child later on. Kids believe that because someone else did it, its okay for them to be able to do it too; and thats not right.

As a parent, it is very important to talk to your childern at a young age about the right way and the wrong way. Every parent wants the best for their child, they dont want to see them make misakes or anything. As a teenager we think its annoying or we think they dont understand the way were feeling, but thats not true. They give us advice and ground us when we do the wrong thing because they don't want us to go through any of that again. They were once teenagers too and they already went through what were going through. They just want the best for us, because half of the time they couldn't be succesful and they want you to be able to grow up and have the things they were not able to get you.

Another example could be the different types of infulences at school. Theres always gonna be the good kids and the bad kids, you just gotta see which side is gonna lead you into a better future. The good influences will want the best for you, for you to continue school, to not do drugs, to not do anything ilegal, ect. On the other hand, the bad kids will want you to ditch school, do drugs, do ilegal things, because as to them its all "fun". It may seem fun but there are consequences when you do the wrong thing.

As a teenager you already have to have an idea on what you wanna do later on in life. Half the teens don't know, because there stuck in a world where it invloves, parties, alcohol, drugs, sex, ect. When your stuck in a world like that, its very hard to get out. Being influenced by friends is very easy. Of all the times you guys hang out and everthing, it starts to change you; from being well influenced or bad influenced. perperssure is the reason alot of us take the wrong lane in life. Your friends can convince you of doing something then your going to want to keep doing it, even if you didn't like it, because you dont wanna seem as a boring person, you dont want your friends to leave you on the side. You can even be the reason why someone choosed the wrong lane. Even if you changed the way you are someone else is still suffering because they were influenced by you.

Majority of the time people regert the things they did in the past. They regert being infulenced that way, wishing they could have listened to the good, but sadly you can't change the past. Thats why its important to know exacty what were doing, to listen to the people who are telling us to do the right thing. we might not wanna seem boring but once we have an actual future, you will see that all the bad infuence wasn't worth it.

We are influenced by others, and we choice to become that person. Think today and make the decision to become someone better, don't follow the negative because it all leads to a bad ending.