yes, I am agree with that ..

Because it's true the can show the the act of our felling in this three words ..

1.. be anxious

2.. Felling 3.. not to Belief the are self

...

1.. Be anxious .

in the world 99% of population the have a lot of staff going on in the are idea or concept , to how to do the are work , how to do the are staff , and how to do the are poraplem self .

,, and the have lot of pressures on the thought

. an effect feeling or image retained after an experience . A mark produced on a surface by pressurre and the can show the felling thaey have . the did not seeying the are felling cuz the are sedition the are fell and the don't want to tell anyone and the are worry about it .

that why the can not change they are are life .

2. Felling. .

All the copies of the a pubilcition printed at one time from the same set of type.

some people did not showing the are felling . the are state of being withe the are self and the can exp lean what the have wane what the have need to do in the live the are confuse for anything and the are scyer for that to tell anyone.

same time the are thinks if the do sorting wrong it,s never gonna right and never gonna right.

3 . Not to Belief the are self.

sometime the not blivet or respect the are self and the are urgent to someone else to do the are work and the can impressions the are felling. some time the sending a person to do somting for it .

like they are sending the a person to giving for something the are need it cuz the shameful to to something by the are self . and the are can not doing the staff the .

In the life everything in impossible we can do anything in live we can do the best we can go the way we want to go. over time everything is going to change the live , the friends, the staff , the feeling . the every secant . don't be shay for samthin you really when it or need it you can not Chang you can not be the beast you never be porfect in the live . be porfect in live if you not make your miss tikesa you can not be perfect in the feucher . if you take the right way you you be the best in the all live thake the good posittion and do good live witout the any impressions fell ......  