Why seek peoples opinions? Learning to relay on different informational sources. Searching for information with one source won't help you. It's good to listen to peoples thoughts and reaction. You might agree or disagree and whine about a subject. Having a argument is a way of dealing with people. Arguments aren't always bad. Arguments make you talk and reason with people. It's good for listening to other thoughts.

The important of not being basis. Sometimes people only listen to they're point of view. They are on one sided scale and basis. Not basis is examine both sides. Asks questions like. Why is this idea more important than others? Does have depth? Is the idea understandable and matter? Is true or false? Theses kinds of questions are needed. Finding the better response.

Determining the right course of action. The proper thinking process for doing the action. People use techniques to make good decisions. Not guessing what you want to do. But searching what needs to be done. Do planing step by step thinking. Because people want to make a good expression. On they're thoughts and possibly they're feelings. In order for you understand what they feel.

The best way to judge a persons idea. First you need to look what they're idea is. Second give destructive criticism on what it lacks and needs. Third give more negative and positive feedback on the idea. Fourth help them improve structures of the idea. Finally they do a self checklist and make correction. These general stragaries people use to check a persons thinking. Because sometimes needs to be revised.

Trust other peoples opinion and look over them. Your able to relay on others and they're way of thinking. A source of information you can reflect a pond. Listening to peoples knowledge on they're point of view. Their are questions to make sure your not basis. Hep you make good decisions. To express thoughts and feelings they might have. Give destructive criticism to improve they're ideas. A time of opinions matter.