I used my sowing to help me with having a choice to use it as a long term career, I can use it in case of imergencies. I can help people out, make money, save money, help myself out, and not be a failure.

If I have nothing else to do or dont have a nother career idea I can just thing of sowing as my long term job, many colleges have a arts and craft classes and I can get in to any of them

If I have an emergency and something is ripped I dont have to wait, get an appointment, wait for a few days, and get it fixed. I can just do it at home and do it Quick

I can make a good deed and just help people out with this for free for people who cant pay money or you can just brighten and suggest the idea. I can help any one i want from family members to next door neighbors.

I can save a lot of money because if your paying you have to pay a lot for a good job or little for a bad job. this way I can do it how I want withouth spending anyrhing or having a mistake.

If I can save money then I can sure make a lot too. anyone would cash for someone who can do a good job.

I dont want to seem like a failure to my family and sowing is helping with that, and this way I can prove to my family i can do better.

To sum it all up I use sowing to have a choice if wether I want to have it for a career or not, for emergencies, to help out others, save money. make a lot of money, and not be a failure.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     