I disagree , because it's true the firts impression in a personis the most important when knowing a other's.

As humans depends of other's for the survivor;our's characteristics are for genetic of it's way. For this to treat the way of to attach in a group of people.

some people thinking that no it's neccesary because,no we depends of the opinion of he people or the world,for the opponent each person have the different way of interact ,each person have an different way of think,personality,character,and the way of to act. The stereotype's of the society of base in the system of that eachperson of the world is different not all aresame and that each individual have are world,the place were they it felling better and comfortable. Respect the opinion and the intimacy of the people.

In exchange of other people have an idea different...in a new job,in the university,and place's important's of any place;we obligation of the respectful and amiability. The people have the capacity to be good and refined,the impression of the people duty of be always of the better.

A manager to the to contract a people have that to see the personality of are people for know that is the person the found for the place of work.

In my opinion,I believed that all having different way's of tobe. And depends of as to trat a the other's people...We are people that wrong,in a household where are teachen valuesy where are teachen that our's impression duty to be the most important ,but not impressing the first time is the better. Something we do it error's but learn a change and a be different,change the bad things that did. Can change;maybe no now but with the time and us way of thinking,we having the possible of do.

Generic_Name have a different personality,and character,I think that my character no it's the best for it reason I need change not a everyone know this part of me,but i know that my impression depend of my values and my decision of be better. In the society that I to found ,I know my impression not a all people to it to gratify but duty dependencyof be better and that my impression depend of me and not of the other people.

In conclusion , the impression and the actual society;it's important in different factor's: the job,the school and place where I found ,but duty understood that allare different's ans somethingwe do mistakes and something wea have bad day;s ans our's characters not are a good impression,but I can change ,are humans and to do mistakes but the better that can do as humans is accept us mistake and change.