I agree with British Prime Minister Winston Churchill when he said that "success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm". Because we are all failures, but we all succed in life, if we work hard. Success is not going to come to us as esay as pie " we go to success". To go to success we have to be failures in a consistent matter but we learn from being a failure, to fix our mistakes. Knowing that we want a better future and that we want to be successful in many things such as in school, work, sports and many other things we have in life ,that we want to become successful gives us enthusiasm eventhough if fail to do good at moments. Trying hard and keep tryin till you reach success helps us to keep our enthusiasim.

Being successful in school well help us in our daily life. We will go from failure to failure without the loss of enthusiasim. We know that by being successful in school we are going to have many opportunities in life. Being a failure is not bad, it makes us strong to keep trying more and more. To graduate from high school we all need to pass a certain amount of SOL. Sometimes we pass the SOL some times we dont,Thats what leads us to success because we are going from failure to failure but with enthuisasim ,since we keep trying and trying till we pass the SOL. Because we know that passing the SOL is leading us to success and that we have to work hard and go to success because its not going to come to us if we loss our enthusiasim to keep trying.

Work can make us go from failure to failure ,but enthusiasim well take us to success. Being successful in work may be hard that it might make us feel down or even make us feel like giving up. But always working hard and with alot of enthusiasim will help us succeed and acomplish many things such as getting a higher payment and getting a better employment can be possible if we always work hard towards success and with enthusiasim. Keeping enthusiasim is good because it doesnt only helps you to be motivated to keep working hard towards your goal / Success, but it helps your peers as well since your transmitting them the good vibe and enthusiasim. Others well succed too since your transmitting the good vibe/ enthusiasim to them they will be inspired by you.

Playing a sport is not easy. Alot of practice and dedication is required to because successful in a sport. Becoming successful in a sport will take you from being a failure and to a failure once again . But if you really want to succed in that specific sport that you like ,you will have to try and keep trying with enthusiasim. Trying with enthusiasim willl help you become successful in that sport that you like and that you have been practicing with your dedication and enthusiasim.

Others may say that " Success consists of going from failure to failure with loss of enthusiasim". People say this because they dont try as hard, if they get things wrong at first they give up. People wotn try to work hard and go to success they just give and wait for success to come to them (THATS NEVER HAPPENNING!!!). People also say this (" success consists of going from failure to failure with loss of enthusiasim") because they find it impossible that enthusiasim gives you the strength to keep trying.

Since they are the ones who are the failure that wont work with the enthusiasimto succeed.

Being a failure is not bad. Working to success with the loss of enthusiasim just because we fell a couple of times is bad. Because if we dont work to success and lose our enthusiasim we will never succed in anything we will just live our daily life as a failure. We are all failures but if we work hard we will become a better failure, A failure that succeed in life not a failure who just gives up and loses its enthusiasim. Working to go to success with enthusiasim will help you accomplish your goals and also it will inspire others. Others will also get the same energy as you and will work towards success with enthusiasim. A failure is what makes us strong and successful we just have to give that failure enthusiasim to keep trying and to succeed.