I always say attitude is something that make big change. If you have good attitude maybe you always stay happy, because the people with good attitude never had problems because they take everything with calm, so you need to have a good attitude because that can help in the furure to open door,in

HIGH school, collage, univercity,and your job, you can ascending if you ascending you have more opportunities to make more money, you can make all that just with you attitude is easy to do.

If you have a nice attitude you never have problems because,some people thing fight is the most better way to resolve the problems. For example, other people thing different than me, they thing if you doest like to fight you are Hen, and they thing, they are better then everyone just because they like to fight. I thing is better be humble, relax,crazy ,funny, but always with a good vives, never with negative you need to be happy how you wanty with you want. That no matter what other people say.

positive attitude is the key to be success in life, sometimes others people say that can make feel bad they doest thing before of say that, they doest thing, if how you are going to feel good when you listen to her, or ,hem ,But need to thing about that if you want to do you can do. Dont listen to the people with negative thougtht. Everything is on you own if you want to do you can do never say, I can do it,before stard to do remenber if something is hard you are going to the right way.

Some people always go over you, dont want to see you happy,they try to puch you on the bad things, all because you are,amazing with everybudy you are friendly and they dont like that but is no your problem,some times when you no talk with no one they thing you are a bad person,if they maybe know how you are. So live your life how you want, life your life on your own way be happy with your .

The most important thing be with a good attitude

Everything is on your own. If you wanna have a better future,or life you need to make an effort,because nothing iss easy in the life. if you have goog attitude you can do everthing you want.

You need to give all your effort because if you no try can no due,for example. many people born poor but, they decite to efort they dreams. they trying and trying they never stop to trying and now theey are profetionals. Another example. The soccer player some of they born in colonies poor,and that no metter for they,they never stop of following they dreams. So now the has everything of want when they want so if they try so hard we can do to. They do everything because they have a good attitude ,if they born poor and now they are rich we can do to, never stop of fallowing you dreams with effort, sacrice,a good attitude everything is posible. You have the key on your on. attitude is the key to be success.