Scientist Albert Eisnste sad " imagination is more important than knowledge " I disagree with the statement.

I disagree imagination is more important that knowledge.

I disagree because, I think knowledge it's more important because, you have to knowledge after you imagine because, I think knowledge it'a more important because you have to knowledge. The situation to think really good if you dont due you can not think what it's gonna happen.

because if you only imagine you don't gonna knowledge good because, if you only imajinate and say the words after you knowledge the words you what to says. and if you knowledge first after think you can be able to due son tings.

If you gonna to due a story if you only imagine you can not be able to due because you have to Knowles the situation first after you think because son times you can get good imagination and you have to knowledge.

like for example if don't knowledge you don't gonna now were put tings to knowledge the situation were you gonna put things and the ca n be better.

I don't no what scientists Albert Einstein think and i gonna now what he thinks because, people have different opinion like how it's more better to they can use, and because persons have different ideas,like me i think then knowledge it's more important, then imagination but others people they can think it'snot because for people to see things it's different, because if the person am gonna write the story am gonna use the knowledge to knowledge, the situation better and make good story.

The knowledge it's like then a group because you have to search or knowledge to now what you gonna due because, if you only have in a imagination to what you gonna due that can work, like when you go to your job and you have to knowledge,what you gonna due for the day.

when you go to school and you go to science if you have to examine the a plant you have to knowledge the plant to now were you can star to examine the plant.

when you due sometimes you have to knowledge the situation,like for example,when a person quilled to another person, the police they have to knowledge,the scene and who was the criminal and knowledge the situation how died and who was .

some people think the imagination it's was first and it's more important would, I think the people see for different forms to due would a think some people it's right because, I see for different forms like when you imajinate it's like when you imajinate the things would you can have a picture in your minds like you can see pictures like were you what to put things.

but you can have im imajine in your mied but you have to knowledge first because i think if you knowleged because i feel more necesary to knowleged beause when you knowledged you can feel it's more easy or if you look like the pictures way it's more easy, because you see the things more specific en your miend.

it's alot ways to you can see things because for people some people looks diferets to others you can see more better in you way if you don't get.

i think people it's look things different ways and other they look like the same but the most important it's the way you see the tings for you.