write to a covince a manager of a bussiness to select you visit and leanr about the work that interest you?

Explored on a role of computer is just a challange for me. This opportunity it will allow me to fallows my dream, goal and future for my baby's boy. I t may be sound selfish but, I will demostrated what I am capable. At thise time it may be many dreamer writting this letter, but some might not be so serious like the way I am because having many reason to demostrated this company to select me to go and explore what I like, it will no be a worst desiccion. Knowing some skills on computers in most factories are ussing technology and always have someone that is expert is always a good deccision. A energetic person fun, and responsable best seller. Responsible and what I do working in the same place for many year, deserved a change, schools who have this kind of opportunities are the greatest.

Technologiest is growing and growind days by days, and the most important companies now have greatest employees who are master on computers. I was studied computer skills for 6 years ,and them got my degree. After that I decided to go back to college and i got a master on how to designe web site ; during that time Five students were nominated to a competition that who write faster will wom a medal, I was the winner typing 200 letters for second. I also know how to created web sites, working in many different kind of programs.

In this days is hard to find a person who is friendly, energetic,good actituded and also who like to share with other. I considered my self one of those people,I experince my self already working with costumer before that I was not interesting on computers I was working on a salon cutting hair and I enjoy dealing with people sometimes is really hard but you get usually with them if you know the costumers better. I think i will be a pretty good seller if you are looking for one just contact me and give the opportunite that I need. Therefore if you not trust me I can demostrated you what I can do you can se me how hard I work

Working in the same place for 12 years make me a responsible employee. Loving what I do and see the people who are proud of me make really happy they love my job because they know that I do it with passion. Even if I dont know something I will learn how to do it and it doens't matter how long is going to take I know at the end It would be a reward. Being a yound girl when I started my first job, I can not forget that theb manager told my boss she can not do it she is too yound let her go, it make me really sad because I know that Ineed a chance to shows them first, and now they said we will make a big mistake if we let you go that why I think deserved this opportunity

I might be wrong in this possition but, is never late to tries something new and I know this is my biggest opportunity for my future. Therefore I want to show the world how the Industries is growing by using computers, internet. The technology now make a big impact in today's world, it is important that everyone know how to use computers in our future all companies and jobs may be requiered of that use of computer and I hope I would teach many people how if they decided to choose me for the program.