Are you interested in pursuing your interest business career.? Many schools have the partnership with companies that allow students to explore certain occupation through interships and shadowing opportunities to discover their interest in pursuing their type of employment.

They can accomplish this with their ability of communication, talent,

Students like me would like to have the oppurtunity to discover a business employment in your company. I can bring a lot of benifits to it. I have good communication with others and a positive attidude and mindset. I have the ability to come up with many ideas for your makeup line.

My ability of working with others is very good I think is important in a business industry to have that type mindset with other people. Working with others brings positive outcomes, businesses grow more when people know how to work together and know how to communicate with each others. The partnership work is what you need in your comapany, i am a very hard worker.

However, I am very good at doing my makeup I think you would really like to have me in your comapony, I know a lot about makeup than you might think I do. I use to work in a salon where i use to do makeup for partys. A lot people really liked my work and at one point in my life i had to do a celeberty makeups, I got to work with Annastasyas makeup line and Morph but not only that i got to work with Huda beauty makeup. I brought a lot to them and that is why their makeup line is so will known now. Bussines can grow more threw out the time when their is , better ideas, new stuff, more hard work something i offering to bring to you. I am interested in pursuin this type of employment because I know i can make a goo improvent in leaning more about makeup.

I can learn very fast that one of the other benifts i have for you i learn fast just by looking sometimes you dont even have to explain to me the stuff that is very benifecial for you compay my ability of learning is great for you.

You having me to visit and learning more about this employment can really make you improve. Students like me just want to have that oppurtunity to have a good carrer and be suseful in life. Shadowing opportunities to discover whether they are interested in pursuing that type of opportunities will make a big change on everyones componies, they will have a lot of new oppportunies to proof that they are really good at what they say they are and proof to them selfs that they are.

Student partnerships pursue students to have new jobs and have a better tabeled life. These are my reasons on why you should let me have the opportunity to have this chance on working on your company. My ability of commu ication will bring you a lot.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       