Imagine having less day of school, students would be happy and could make their education simple. Some films have alredy adopted a four day work week, but they will work ten hours a day. Should school do the same thing by extending the school day and have four days of school? I believe that extending the school day and having four day of school could affect students by; getting them tired and they coud no longer in school.

To begin with, it has been said that students are tired in school because they have seven hours of school everyday . Imagine giving them nine hours of school, they could get tired quick and have stress. To illustrate, a student woke up at 6:30am to prepare to go to school, he will start the school at 8:00am and he will be finish at 5:00pm. After school the student will got home tired, he will jus eat dinner and go sleep. As you can see,

students could not have time to play and do their homework. If school extend the school day, students could be just tired all the time. in conclusion, students are not slaves, they need time to play and do their homework.

In addition, extending the school day for students and have four days of school for them, this could make them not going to school. Another example, imagine a high school student have to finish school at 5:00pm knowing kids nowadays they don't like school that much. This could be an obstacle for this high school student and he will decided to not going to school anymore because he will feel a long day of school. As you can see, students could be absent in school if they extend the school day, and this could be a big probem for the community and for the country.

Yet some people argue that extending the school day and having four day of school, could make the students more intelligent. It is tue that giving extended time to students and give them only four days of school, could make them smarter. But they will not longer like school because they will feel tired and they will not going to school anymore. And this could be a huge problem for students and schools

In conclusion, schools should not allow to have four days of school and extending two hours more because this could affect students by; getting them tired and they could not longer in school. Let's make students feel comfortable in school, but not make them feel slaves. Students needs time with friends and family. 