First of all, I agree with Minister winston churchill once he said success consists of going from failure to failure because when you failure somethig you have to see the important role the faiure plays in the pursuit success. In addition, you have to think about your ideas. Forexample, when I know the position of superviser is avilble at my work and traying to work harder and harder to get this position,but after three years of working hard they gaive this position to someone ealse at this time i feel failure and I keep asking my self why they did not give me the position. Moreover, after two month the manager taking to me about why I am not working hard same like before, and you telling him about the superviser position and you did not ask me for it you just give it to someone ealse. Socend, the city manager called me to ask me if I am still interstiing about the postion or not I said yes I am intersting for it. Then he meet me at the work and said to me to get the position you have to do a lot of things before I gave you the position I said a lot of things like what, I am always dowing every thing at work. Third, he said I have to work all the positions in the reastorant the positions are the following:Foodrunner, Host,Selver,and

Ketchen. And after all of that you will get a traning of two other restorants. In addition to that, I have to disid if I still need the superviser position or not, if I said yes I still need it thats mean I heve to do all the thigs what the manager said it to me to gt the position. FOrth, I accept my manager ofer, and i worked all the positions in the restorant accept the bartnder.

Fivth, the superviser position is good I will get good money and indepence on the location of the restorant our location in Washington Dalles International Airport. Thats mean the restorant always busy specialy Saterday and Sunday. Moreover, I am working with the campany since the open the restorant I am the seniorest preson in the restorant because the campany changed the manigment three times until now.

Then, when my manager saw me morking extrimly hard and when the city manager taked me again I am finaly get the suprviser position

Firs of all, when you going to failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm it is very great to have your enthusiasm and you have to belive in it, because this is the only way to seccess in your life.