The better way to influence people to have good behavior at school or anywhere is to be a comppassive friend.

Giving advice, try to talk to them, Otherwise people does not have good behavior because sometimes they have a lot of problems at home. For example if i saw someone who is close to me like my best friend or something like that and they have a bad behavior.

I will try to find ways to helping being kind, nice, social and give new perspective to other people. Being good influence for them is very friendly, is good in all of the reason's. The bad influences are the peolpe who had a to much opportunities and they don't care.

Be influence for other people "it depent's" what's type of of friends did you have, and how you're parents educate you. Because friends can make you to get trouble at school or at home with parents that the bad influynces make it you. For example people with bad behavior tech you bad things in differents aspect and that people are not you're friends. But is that a life you can have nice friends, people who had a bad influence too, people who are a very good influences for you.

Giving people better influences can help you in your future, basically in everything. For example you can have a Social life, Friendly smile, Nice peronality, Kind and all of the others specialityes. A lot of people had a bad bahavior at school they influid their friends too. The problem is the major of students sometimes they have a bad life a lot of problems at home. That's why their bahavior is like that. Some of the parent"s does not care about their Son's or daugther's how is the behavior at school or anywhere. Because they are awesome kind of persons or parents can't get the control of them.

However, they are true friends who love you, help you to had a normal behavior some of youre're friends not all of them. some of the friends when they saw it that you in trouble they don't talk to you anymore. For example in my own persoanlity i never, ever get suspension or problems from the school. So that is what's fake friends do theyprefer to lose a comunication, but for some reasons are good because it people who are not a nice person with you, bad influence. So that are the reasons why cause not all of your friends be there for your when you need someone can be for you; True friends and good influeces be there anytime that you need help or talk to them that's why you had to select your friends. You have to know who are your real friends and who are not.

For instances, People can have a opportnity to had a better life, future is the kind of people who had a bad behavior. It the type of people who influid the better influence for bad honestly sometimes is sad when you see that.

But, anyways nothing can do about it because a lot of people try to help them. They don'n wanna put their part for be a better person, influenece for give new perspective. So people get tired to help and they continue in the same way. These are all of the reason's why some people had a bad behavior some don't.                