Others may think otherwise, Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow. Take Elon Musk for an example, he started out as a young kid who learned how to use computers but he did not stop there. Once he mastered computers he set higher and higher goals to master untill he ended up to be one of the richest man alive. I myself started with just drawing and graphic designing little art projects. then I started putting higher goals to master. Now I ended up learning how to use most of Adobe's products and doing commisions. Leonardo DaVinci was not just an artist. He was an inventer. he invented numerous of things, he had multiple skills. thats because he mastered all of these skills he set higher goals for himself and he achived them.

First examaple Elon musk. He was a bright kid. He leared how to use computers at a young age and mastered how to use them. Elon Musk did not stop there, He set higher goals to master. Elon Musk Drasticly Grew alot over the years. For and example he invented PayPal, SpaceX and Tesla. Now he is one of the riches man alive.

Second example is myself. I started out with just Drawing and graphic Designing a simple banner for my YouTube channel. then I started setting higher goals for myself to master. Now I ended up learning how to use most of Adobe's products. Doing commisions for YouTuber's and Esports teams and making money.

Last example is Leonardo DaVinci, Leoanrdo DaVinci was no ordinary artist from the Renissance Age. What made Leonardo DaVinci Stand out was that he was not a quitter infact he loved setting higher goals for himself to master. He loved growing, learning and mastering new things. Leoanrdo was not only an artist he was an inventor a scientist and that why he grew up to be one of many people biggest inspiration infact he is my inspiration. Leoanrdo was not a quiter and that's what made him grow up to be special and successful if life.

Now other may say that you dont need set higher goals to grow. But I think quite the opposite becuase if you don't set higher goals for yourself then learning new things and growing new skills would most likely be impossible unless you try to surpass your last achivement therfore you won't be able to grow and be as successful in life. 