Some people believe in praising a student's work to build self-esteem even if the work is not the students best effort.

I believe that is not the best choose a student's to practice this work to build self- esteem; for many reason, because some people don't has the idea if the student's are agree or disagree this is no the best way to improve in their self-esteem to practice on praising. And other is they need to improve in their achievement, because they are not sure if this come from praise or achievement. Also students they has the last world, if they need to practice the things the some people thinking to the benefit for their self-esteem.

1. Reason some people don't has the idea if the student's are agree or disagree, i think this is not the best way to improve in their self-esteem, because students they believe in praising but, this is not the option to learn in their self-esteem they need to focus in their achievements. even if some people belief on praising,they think this help students to believe in praising i think students believe in this source but is not the principal option to believe in praising they need to focus in their achievements, values and skills because is one the priority and purpose to believe in their self-esteem this ideas must be to help to lean focus.

Students need to improve in their achievements, because some people are not sure if this come from, praise or achievements. I think this are two different thinks, also one is believe in religion, for example: I belief in Jesus this is praise they don't need to compare, but i don't dismiss this idea,because is good idea to students believe in praising. Another is achievement this come from the goals you made and the effort you did it for your accomplishments.

Also students their has the last word, if they need to practice the things the some people thing, to the benefit for their self-esteem, but the two are good idea for instill students don't believe, if this is the correct option, also they need to make the best effort to practice the best way to help their career in the future.

In conclusion the students dont need to practice thing that some people thinks,to improve to help and learn more about self-esteem, this is one the purpose to improve their self-esteem, this is optional in what you believe if their praising or achievements but this two different things, but is good idea learn both for better self-esteem to understand. 