Some schools use cell phones in the classroom for educational purpose. cellphones has become the major problem in schools for students and for teachers. I think that cellphones should not be allowed in the classroom because students dont do the work that they suposted be doing and schools already have tecnology to use.

Cellphones shouldn't be allowed for educacional purpose because students dont do that work that they suposted be doing. Sometimes students take pictures of homework or a test and then they pass it to a friend. They always wants to check theirs social media like snapchat or instagram. this in one reason why students fail classes or fail grades. For example, in my English class there is a guy who is always using his phone, checking his social media or checking his messages that his friends has be sending to him and he is not passing his classes.

Also, cellphones shouldn't be allowed for educational purpose because schools already have tecnology for students can use. The government gives the schools computers because they wants the students graduate and dont have any distraction by using theirs cellphones.

schools have computers or ipads and thas why teacher dont need to let the students use their phone to do any work that they have to do.

However, Students can do their work in the computer where the teacher can be checking what the students is doing, if his doing his work or not.

Some students might say that they can use their cellphones in the classroom because it is more easy for them to translate words than be looking words in the dictionary. Also, some students might say that they can't live with out using their phone. Finally, they might say that using theirs phone can be more easy because they can be checking their work any time that they want.

In conclution, I think that cellphones shuldn't be allowed in the class room. students have to learn how to live with out their phone because graduate and not fail classes is more important than be texting their friends all the time. Also, for teacher that let students to use their phone for any work

I think thats not a good idea because the teacher is helping the student to get distracted by using their phone and not passing their classes.