Imagination and knowledge are very inportant parts of us. Albert Eistein said,"

Imagination is more important than knowledge." I'm on debate on whether I agree or not, so maybe this will help me decide. In my opinion, I believe that imagination and knowledge go hand and hand. There's many reasons on why I believe this, but due to the character limitation, I'm only going to name a few reasons.

One of the first reasons I believe this is because of discovery. When someone goes out on a new adventure, they can only imagine on what they can find. When they do find something new, they use their imagination to find out what it can do, what it haas inside, or what does it do for the enviroment. Once they do figure out somethinng about it, they get the knowledge from it. It's honsetly cool on how much we know because of our imagination.

Another reason on why I believe this way is because of what we created over the past years. We've created so many wonderful things and a few mistakes over the past years. When sommeone wants to invents something, they use their imagination and knowledge of the world around them to make it. If you want a job on where creativity has no boundries, then you should become either an animator or a game developer. I choose to be both, but mostly being game developer. When someone get inspired to make someone, they use the knowledge of their inspiration and their own imagination to create something wonderful or a mistake that should never been released on this world. I honestly do that too. I've takeen the knowledge from the games and animations I liked to come up with something in which I hope many people will injoy.

There's plenty more reasons that I can't really come up with but I'm sure that you get my point.

Imagination and knowledge work together to improve this world as we know it. Prime examples of this are discovery and creativity. If everyone can use these two things together, I'm sure that we'll come up with something wonderful or something that'll most likely mess up the planet forever.