The city council adoption the curfew for teenagers.

There need have curfew for teenagers why because need be outside midnight , weekend need to be at home going to sleep. A study say that teenagers how have cufew work hard at school , but how didn't have a cufew breake the law more have trouble do great at school. Why a teenagers need to be street midnight do something wrong or you came back from a party , or you do gang thing. What are you going midnight , how do that outisde i know not me evergybody this tired want be outside.

It the cufew is adoption teenagers in the street can be no more.

There new law at Generic_City council say that cufew for teenagers for 10pm .

It meain the a teenage walk the on street after 10 pm you breaken the law

Ever a police see he can take to jail . The city make the law for safe of teenage didn't see how onsafe it to be out midnight. we trought you was inside at home on the street we thing in home you not .

The commerity say why can you make law for teenagers cufew make one .

Evergyone say why do you make that law not great for are teenagers intertere in there live.

Do cufew keep teenagers out of trouble ?

The cufew keep teenagers out of trouble this not one man job evergyone need to work like a tearm for teenager can say out of trrouble .

the first thing what time are teenagers going outside ,where are you going . Talk to are police man lit know see a teenagers , walk midnight ask me where your home they're listing take him to jail .

Are one thing are child safetin we can have are teenage midnight do wrong thing.For police man it hard pickup the phone to a mother say yhat her son ,or her dougther are deid . This why have a cufew it ver need to have so know one have go to hard time last son, dougther ,

we intertere in teenagers live beacuse they didb't know what bad or good see what on the other side can bad or good .

The teenagers do think they thing after see they large preplem they need help this why were say safe go first.

A city coyncil is adoptiion cufew .

What time cufew start 10pm .

Do cufew keep teenagers out of trouble.

The teenager need a cufew

Yes !