Do you think being hounst at all times is a good thing? I agree with people who are hounst at all times because they don't lie and lieing can cause a lot of problems. No matter how old you are being hounst is a very good thing for kids, adualts and teenagers. I think you should be hounst at all times because if you'er not hounst people wont trust you, and people can come to you for advice, it also helps people with trust issues to know that there are people out there that you can trust for being hounst.

If you are not hounst people wont trust you. Most people want to be trusted. People want to be trusted in a relationship, friendship and a parentship and most importantly you would want to be trusted in your family. Being hounst whould make people trust in you in many ways. However, you can be trusted be not lieing or makeing fake roumers. For example a girl in our school whould make up roumers and lie about an eight th grader. Therefore, after doing all that no one wanted to be her friend because they could'nt trust her.

If you are hounst at all time people can come to you for advice. If your hounst your friends, sisters, classmates will come to you for advice because they would know you would have great ones. Mostimportantly they would trust you because you'er hounst and they will tell you everything and ask for advice and you will tell them what sounds good and hounst .Therefore, if you hounst you can be trusted by good advice that might actully help that person.

Being hounst also helps people with trust issues to know that there are people out there that you can trust for being hounst. Having trust issues can com from being dishounst and if you'er dishounst with someone it really makes that person think that they can't trust anyone at all. Thats because they have been broke by that other person who keeps lieing. That shows me that being hounst is an amazing thing that everyone chould have.

In summary being hounst is good for everyone .It could be hard for some people but you always have to remember you have to be hounst so, people could trust you, people could come to you for advice, it helps people with trust issues know that there are people out there that you can trust for being hounst.