Some people believe that in order for a student to put their best effort they have to go to a praise , as well as others think effort wil find others to believe that true self -esteem comes from an achievement. Achievement can make a students accomplish alot of things way in their life such as goals they have set ,

new things , and focus on things that have to be done .

As a student achievement could let students accomplish a lot of things in their life such as golas they have set . Students like to get their work done . Also have good grades that makes them feel confident about themselves . Try new things that they always wanted to do . Especially students wil be able to think that things can be accomplished by working hard towards it . It's accomplishing what they have set to reach true - self esstem because the more you accomlish as a students the more you want to do in your life

Having confidence in yourself can lead you to true self-esteem . It can let you do many things also your favorite things . Without a person having confidence in themselves can lead to negative things . It will make a student focus on what they are doing also what they have to accomplish in order for them to finish what has to be done . Having a postive attitude will make a person interact with other people , and make you look as a good person .

Students having true self-esstem is an important rule in everyday life . It lets you do thngs that you thought you wouldn't do .There is more socializing with people and learning new things by them . It makes students put the best effort in what they do . It gives new learning skills and become more smarter . Many students can become the best version of themselves with being postive at all times . It's important to believe that things can be done with being postive in what is ready to be done .Students should believe that having true self -esstem is important in things you do .

As some people believe a students work to bulid self -esteem , it's imporant to have true self-esstem because it makes you accomplish things such as doing great things , have self confidence , and have a mind of goals that can be accomplished . However ; it;s important to maintain a postive attiude to accomplish things .