Author Ralph Waldo Emerson wrote, '' Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow.''

I disagree with Emerson's statement, because you can keep growing by trying and trying hard on whatever you already know.

However; when you try and keep trying somehting is when you grow up more and more each time.

Additionaly, we grow more with stuff that we are good already, because we become more and more greatful.

Primaly, we think that by trying what we already know, it makes us better each time.

Generic_school made a survey to all seniors to get everyone's opinion base on ''Unless you try to do something beyod what you have mastered, you will never grow''. sevendy five percent of students desagree, they said that you learnd more and more of what ever you already know.

In my expecience I have become more and more good of what I already know.

Therefore, knowing more what you already know and you are good at it, you will become better and better each time, never give up on what you are already good at.

Secondary, expericences make us better, we learnd more of we already know, of what we are capable to do.

We have a company that has to do with Generic_school, they go to a lot of schools to talk the the juniors, and seniors of what they think about Emerson's statement.

fifty percent agree and the other fifty persent desagree, because some student say that we need more new stuff to keep succesing in life, and other say that we can still seccess with what you already know.

In my opinion I totaly desagree, sometimes we can keep and keep trying what we already mastered is either you become better or just fail in life.

Therefore trying your best and working hard base on what you already know helps you to grow more in life.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 