This technology I dont thing so can effect people's because day of day the tencgnology is more and more i thing that can be helps you to do things like beginner your life. The technology sometime is good for contact with others person. That can help you in many things, you can play game and spiaking with others. That is positive because you can do whatever you want if you need fot do you work, you can bay if you don't want to go to the store, but that you can aid the people with need to know a bout technology, also in this world you need to know abaut technology, and some part of work you need to apply for work and you need to do for internet that's why sometime is good to know who yo make doing, for example you now can used the map to know the location, and a long time ago you can't to do that.

The reasan why is good is because you can do whatever you want to do if i want to do somenting but i dont know nothing a bout technology that's problem, because you dont know what to do so you need to practice who you can used the technology, fot work you need to know who you can used the computer, or you want to have a Iphone you need to know who you used some meny things you need. The most peolpe always aks you advice, and you need to explain, and you need to know for want you used the technology, do for something good not for bad things because somrtime you know what you doing and dont say yes a everything .

A thing some time is bad because the children know to much technology and that affect his life in many things now they can do overything his want because they know to much and they want to have they want, they need work mere in different things , you can build things about rechnology meke sometime your future, but always need to consult with people's who know, because if you know you cant contaminate your self you always need to convice your self, that's was very good what your doing.

listen what your self always tell you if is good or bad ner forget that.

With this technology now you can be a lot tings,but you need to have a limitation and what are you make duing because now the human only do things bad , they dont listen what they duing , they need to undertand they dont need to do bad things or negatives , they need to take a position en think what meken, and this time you now can kwon where the person are bacause the technology helps to much the you can do wherever you want only used the telephone and the compurer and you can do everything, you can play now and speak with your fiends in the game, yu can do online everithing now for the banck if you need to diposite check you can do online because the technology is to much.

that's why is important, .                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      