I think that working with a group is way better, because working with a group gives you a better understanding of what you are doing and helps you to be more focus. its can also be very important when you have your teamates around you that if there is any mistake you and your teamates can come together and try to solve that issue. and also working with a group can be very beneficial. because working with a group can also makes u feel confident and makes you good at social interactions. so that when u go out in the world you already know how to interact with your boss and fellow coworkers. and working with people can also make u grow not physical but to grow as a person and to make u more mature and to make u have a better understanding of life and of your responsibilities. so i feel that as a young adult comming up in this world. i would like to have my work experience with a group. that way i can be more aware,focus and to be more understanding of my environment that im working in and that i can learn not just from my self but learn from the people around me.

Working with a group can also be fun you can work with kids your age or you can work with people older than you. it can teach you self awareness,kindness towards others and its can influence you in so many ways because if you are working with people older than you are going to start acting more mature and want to live up to your teamates expectations. and also working with a group can improve on manners, behaviour,self esteem, self conduct and politeness. working in group is very important you can have experience and learn alot from other people it also teaches you what to expect and how to prepared for it in the future. it also teaches you how to act around others and teaches you the importance of life so i think that working with a group is better it teaches you better and you can learn better.                                                                                                                                                                                                  