Have you know that being honest is sometimes good and bad. But to me it likely good because when my mom tell me stuff that i have to be honest she give me a snack. when you be honest it bring you to a better life and the future because so that you are kind with in other and so that you can go to college,and have good grades. also when you are honest to a person, that person will be your friend and know that he will truest you for ever. when my family want me to be honest I sometimes tell them or not or because even if i tell them i will still get in trouble in either way.

honesty can bring you to a better life and future. because so you can have a lot of friend that can trues you, and you can have good grades at school, and might go to college. also when a person come up to you and tell you stuff you have to be honest and tell them no please leave me alone. honest is good in life because no one would like you if you lie with other about stuff you have to be honest to your self sometimes not always. lieing will get you in trouble at school, home, or other places so that why you have to not lie and tell the true. because so people will be happy not mad at you and people like a person not to lie because a lot of people say that lieing is a bad habit for anyone in the world.

when you be honest to your family they would say this kid tell the true all the time he is a good son i every have. and they might give you something like a price for not lieing and your mom or dad they teach you to be kind with others. so when you grow up as an adult you remember what your parents tough you in the past. like be honest, dont lie, always act good to others have respect to teachers or other family member. your family want you to be a better person in the future that why you should tell your parent thank you for telling me to be an a some person in life.

finally when you be honest to teacher they would say you are a good student in the class because you have been kind with student, and you have been telling the true when someone is doing a bad choice. when you be honest in school the teachers will tell your parents that you are doing good in school. school want us to learn make right choices and always be honest around you dont follow want people are do if they are doing something bad in school dont fallow and tell on an adult that they are doing something bad.

honesty is a something you tell that true like it bring you to a better life that you can have a lot of friend that trust you so they dont think you are bad person for a example in school when you be honest the teacher will say you are a good student to have in class. when you are at home if you be honest to you parents they mint be happy and give you a price for being a honest person. honest is a good in life so people will respect you in any way it is important in life.                           