I believe that Winston Churchill's quote,"success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm", is true because after you make the mistake you learn how not to make that mistake again. The only way to learn how to be successful is to make a mistake. I think that you should always isten to your elders because they have been threw rough and happy days. When we are little, we always think that our parents are being really strict, but they're only trying to keep us happy.

I have made alot of mistakes when I was a pre-teen and I still make mistakes now,but at the end i realize that I was wrong. I was thirteen when I got my first phone and my parents always told me to not have social media till i'm sixteen. The only reason why my parents said,"no", to social media was because they didn't want me to get hacked by people. All though, my parents said no to socail media i got it anyways. After couple weeks of having social media, someone decided to hack my snapchat. At that point, I realized my parents were always right.

My parents have made mistakes before too. When I waa a baby, my parents took me to my grandparents house for the first time. After we got to my grandparents home, my parents forgot to close the door behind us. So, I crawled out of the house and they didnt see me. After that, this guy saw me crawling down the streets and there were cars driving by me. So, the guy carried me to his shop to see if anyone comes to find me. After couple minutes, my mom realized I wasnt there so she ran out of the house to find me and than couple blocks down she saw in someones shop. My parents always checked if the door was closed after that incident.

Always keep in mind that you shouldnt do anything without thinking of the affects. If you not sure if its right or wrong, then you should ask someone for their opinion. If that doesn't work out than your probably doing something wrong. If you do something wrong then people will change the way they look at you. It better to keep in mind that your family and friends have faith in you.                                                      