Do you think students should have career durimg school at a yong age? Their's some families have poor economy. They dont have that much money to keep their child dreams. Student should work during school at a young age because students need save money for college payment, this help students to acuaintance with work environment, they will have their own credit cart.

Firsly,Student should work during school at a young age because students need save money for college payment. All the students have dream to studey in a collage and become someone in future. some families have poor economy, they can't pay for collage of their child and they are earnings that much to eat and make a living like pay insurence and simething like that. For example my friend Generic_Name she is 11 grade. she is working in patrakandy mall as a cushier, so she doce't have father and just her mother, her letter brother is with her. she is working and saving the money for her collage.

Secondly, this help students to acuaintance with work environment. The more students working the more they are getting smarter and understand about the job. Students will become a enterpreneur in future, and get familier with different people in community. For example to know more poeple and be familier with different job this make easy, successful life work for their future.

Lastly, they will have their own credit cart. This is good for student to have his/her own cridet card and to take responsibilty for paying their car insurence and other stuff. some childs have pride and can't ask for money of their parents. For example some student have a big maind that means their brain is older then their age and they will have their own responsibilty not asking for help , they will work hard and become stranger.

Some people thing this is not a good idea for students to work. They are too young and they have to study and they are still high school, have a lot of homework to do,this is right they are too young for working, but still some students need to work because they need to pay for their collage. for some people who have a lot of money it it is nothing to pay for something like collage of their child ,or other stuff like this, but for the families who is earning just for eating, make living and have poor economy this is really hard so we shold realize those people too.

In conclution

Student should work during school at a young age because students need save money for college payment, this help students to acuaintance with work environment, they will have their own credit cart. Student should have responsibilty, they shold see the hardness meanness of life to grow up.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          