Do you think failure lead you to do better? In this paper i will argue about never losing enthusiasm by falling and falling. Failure should be just another way to do better, because you try until you get it right, when you fail; failure lead you to success in life. Also, enthusiasm and try is the key to success.

First of all, when you try until you get it right, sometimes you get really frustrated. For example; in freshman year i remember that i couldn't actually get good grades in my algebra class, i remember that i try and try my harder to get good grades. I even stayed after school, I was doing my homework, i was watching videos from my teacher. However, i was still getting bad grades in my class but i keep trying and i finally become a success in the class.

Secondly, when you fail; failure lead you to success in life. When you are working on a project or you are working on a personal goal sometimes thing doesn't actually goes the way you had planted. For example; if you are trying to solve a mathematics problem but you never get the solution you're supposed to get. Although, you keep trying and you always fail, you actually learning from it. However, by keep trying your best you actually getting experience from your failure and that helps you to success later in life.

Finally, enthusiasm and trying is the key to success. For example; when you want to achieve something but you fail, each time you're losing enthusiasm because you think that you can not do it, but if you keep trying and trying their will be a time that you will going to success and you would said that you try your best and never lost enthusiasm for your goal.

In conclusion, some people said that failure doesn't lead you to success, but they wrong because the more you fail, the more you try, and when you get it right, it will be a completely success for you. Going failure to failure led you to a good way to do better in life because the harder you try the better you do to success. In the future never stop trying without losing enthusiasm because enthusiasm is the key of your success.