Generaly saying,people do accomplish more if we are always doing something.

in live if you don't want to do anything you will become blind to the society and be left undone because you have waste the day and time not doing accomplishing things with your live but focus on things that are not accomplishing your live. for example: playing video, twitter, face time, and snapshot. all these thing are waste your time all depends on the way it being use. and if you fall in that position of not accomplishing when you get older it's going to effect you. example: you will start rubbing,mudring because you didn't put your mind on accomplishing anything. it is also important to accomplish more. my reason for saying this is the more you do accomplishment the more you go farward in anything. for example; by making good grade in school, by being a good leader, and also helping people if they do needs help all these things you are accomplishing something. everybody do want to accomplish something in life but you have to work for it.

To be sucessful you have to accomplish everything in life. any people in this world today, have gotten good position for their accomplishment. i know, some time it's hard to do but like i said if you want to accomplish something in life you have to work for it. for example: like the brids we see today they have to go through a lot of stages. bruds cannot just be born and start to fly the same day they have to go through before they fly. so they accomplish their flyinh by process and it is the same as human we go through processes to accomplish things we want. our lives go by days and hours the day we see today will never return so why not accomplish somehting within that day because when that day is gone you have waste thime,and abilities to accomplish something.

lets be honest the world today need someone that never give up. it is amazing for some one to reward you for your accompishment. today many of us went to be a doctor,lawyer, and so on but, we are not putting the effort and time. one way to accomplish thing in live is this pay attention to things, learn from mistake using your time and effort if you found yourself doing this you are going to accomplish many thing. the reason why many poeple don't accomplish things is this they don't pay attention not willing to ascept their wrong doing and don,t use their time and effort. for example; i want to be a doctor i have to pay attention in biology class, read books, and also make good grade i'am accomplishing what are want to do because are do it constanly and i love it to so that give me more intrest in doing it.

therefore, to make the world a better place we have to do better talking by mouth and not putting to action it don,t work so if you ready want to accomplish some thing in live you have to always do it never give up and always found your self doing something not playing arround be a better you for your tomorrow.

santly                      