Dear Reader's

This statement is wrote by Ralp Waldo Emerson, it's trying to help to the peoples who's thinking about his life, if it's better work indibiduality?

called; to be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greastest accomplishment.

This realization is important for the world and people's who make a good choice.

you nee be complete that work before you get some problems with the organization from whatever country you are and thinking about your future.

The central idea with the Emerson's statement , i'm agree with the statement, I gonna be expresed my personal opinion, it's a good accomplishment because is better one thing you need think is what is your purpouse in the future and better, what you wanna do for the life , you need be prepared for take a good accosmplishment in the future and take a good organization for you realization in company's or whatever you work.

When you work hard you always gonna be a good person for the people's what are around of you , tha's gonna be a good notice for you realization, and for your famil gonna be enpresive of you , by that you need think positive in the life be a champioms work indibidualiy and take a good decision's for yor organization , in that part you need be very careful , be respelful with the other's peoples around you and they gonna be happy with you.

if you work by your self that is help to your realization , by that i'm agree with the statement Emerson's , he was thinking about him self and that helped to him , he take a good decicion by that he wrote the statement "

To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment"

work indibiduality thta are the sum of qualities that characterize and distinguish an individual from all other's , personality or separate, and is most important and better, because people's in the team sometimes not work hard, they just work for survival in the day in tha's is not good you need work every day for take better future with you, and if you dont work that dont gonna be help with the accomplishment , and you need continue with the work you are doing because that gonna help you in the future with the organization.

The appropiate accomplishment for your self it's when you work hard always you gonna be a big person in the future or to the world, and them you gonna see the results of your work believe you tha's is a big notice from you.

The purpose it's be yourself in a world, your future is in the front, work by yourself that's make happy to the future and to the people's in the world.

The conclusion are in yourself work hard for you better future in the world, take a good desicion's with the peoples, because that is gonna help to you , the purpose in this statement is think in yourself for be a big person in the future and to organized your life , that mean say take a good desicion's dont get bad thinks about your life if yo go donw never stop work hard and them you gonna be happy with your position you are that is better now.

be positive with yourself.