Why should people make their own decision? I think so people should make their own decision becuse all peolple have to make their own decisions or their own choose. It is really helpfull to make your own decision you will know better what to do. It is our own life than we should make our own decision. If we make our own decision I think so we have more freedom.

All people should make their own decision. They all need to make own decision becuse you will have more freedom,you will know butter what to do,and mabey if we make our own decision life will be easy for us. It is hard to understand other people own decision. We all need to make our own decision to choose what we want to do That why I think so our own decision is butter than other people own decision.

I think so people should make their own decision. To make our own decision It is like we have more freedom want we want to do. Freedom is like that what we choose and waht is our own decision to do everyday ot on future. Our own decision is butter than other people own decision. Own decision is like wath ever you is raght you will do it.

Our own decision is butter I think so. We will pick waht we like to do in our own life. If we make our own decision than our life will easyer. Mabey other people own decision is differnt from oue own decision or mabey we don't like their decision. Then we will have hard time with their own decision.

Mabey if we make our own decision life will be easy for us. They mabey want something differnts or we don't like each other owen decision that why I thank each porson should have their own decision. It is good to make oue own decision we will have allwes a gerat life. It is our own life that we should make our own decision or our own choose.

Our own choose or our own decision is butter than other people decision or choose.

I think so people should make their own decision becuse all peolple have to make their own decisions or their own choose. It is really helpfull to make your own decision you will know better what to do. It is our own life than we should make our own decision. Other people own decision hard for some people to understand them. if we both don't like each other own decision we will have hard time.