Be active or not active in life, those are two options that we have. There is many reason why people are active in life, but there are many other reasons why people stay inactive on their lifetime. Thomas Jefferson said, "Determine never to be idle... It is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing." Staying active and with determination people have more chances to be successful in life.

First of all, in reality things can't be done by them self. For instance, the first TV, car, plane, cell phone, etc... wouldnt be done with out a lot of hard work. Another example could be, the creators of all the things that we have now, they didnt stop or give up on their goals they were active and positive in the process to success.

In addition, in order to accomplish great goals people must stay active and work hard for them.

For example, the best basketball player of all time wouldn't have accomplish all the records with out dedication in the process. Another example, if Martin Luther King didn't do things or stayed back with out doing anything for the people, we probably wouldnt have the life that we all have right now.

Perhaps most important, people have more chances to success in life if they stay active and working on good things, more than if they stay inactive. For example, a hard worker business man probably have way more success in life than a regular person that instead of working hard and do things prefer to stay back and be inactive.

Some people argue that, inactivity serves a purpose. They say that, the fact that people are doing something doesn't mean that what they doing is right. This might be true; however, inactivity wont take people anywhere but to fail in life, and for success in life people must to do things constantly and dont give up.

Without dedication and work people wont accomplish nothing, no matter the talent or the skills that they might have if they dont do nothing with it. People must stay active and fight for what they wish and want, without that life wont take you anywhere.