I Disagree the school board is adding one and half hours each day of school. We have regular school days seven hours a day. Also some people stay afterschool that palce two more hours of school. That is nine hours of school. I usally stay afterschool for peer helpers every wenesdays. That helps me to get my communite servers up I already have six hours, I just need nine more hours that is it. But either way I love helping special kid's and also I will love to finish this year helping PROPER_NAME, even though I'm about to finish my community severs hours I will still help the kids.

Anyways this about me disagreeing with school borad. What I'm really trying to say we wake up at six o'clock or five o'clock and we come to school and we do our work. Some of as have good grades and some of as are trying our best. We recpect our teachers as much as we could, we do our work and we some how understand what the teacher gives us. Also we try our best as we could.

Another example that you can't add more hours to our school is that some students have sports afterschool not in school out of school. Even though there is sports in my school they already sign up for other sports. Some students wants to just go home and be in her/she home and just study quietly instead of afterschool, afterschool is every loudly its not for everybody. All of us have good examples and they will tell why its a bad idea and they will disagree with you. But I know where you guys are coming from you want us to have more education.

I really hope you don't add more hours because seven hours is enough for us to learn. We got other things to do afterschool. If you add more hours, students will be picked up every last period and not even be there when the teacher is teaching. Also we will not have afterschool activity because students can't stay afterschool past six o'clock. Also if you add more hours parents will take out their childern and they will put them in a different school. That what I think about you adding more hours to school. I hope you think about it and think about if your idea we are actally taking benfits.

Why I disagree with school board is wrong that you guys are adding more hours of school. For example, like I said I stay afterschool on wendesday's and seven hours of school place the two more hours for afterschool. It gives me headace and our late bus is the last one to go, so basically I go home five o'clock and sometime when the late bus comes early I go home like 4:48pm. When I go home I eat and take a shower I watch for a little bit I say I'm take a nap it doesn't end up a nap it ends up I wake up at six o'clock. Also sometimes when I don't stay afterschool, I take nap at home I wake up at eleven o'clock, I go to sleep at three o'clock. This why I want don't you guys to add more hours because it will effect our sleeps.