why should peopel make their own decisions? Each person has the right to make his/her own decisions. Each person has different ideas about what is important and what makes them feel best. Some people believe by making their own decisions. Others peopel believe to making your own decisions you have to have guidance that's means is not helpful for those peopel who want guidance because when some one help you to make your decisions for that time you can, but that person it's not help you for ever, so you have to practice to make your own decision. I believe peopel have to make their own decisions, here is some decisions peopel can make, decision of marriage, moving place to place, and choiseing a bad and good thing in your life.

First, some peopel think that making your own decisions is the best way to bo what ever you want in your life. Indeed, you can make your own decisions to do what ever you want. peoples make decision to married. Marriage is the most important thing for many peopel in this world. Having marriage is help you to have a better life. Because when you have wife you know you are taking big responsibilty for your self and for your family. Having family is good, but you have to work a lot to keep your family save. Having marriage is help you to make many kind of decisions. For exampel, if you are alcoholest you gonna make decision to quit alcohol because you have family.

As you can see, this is not the only thing making your own decision can do.

Also, making your own decisions helps you to move place to place. Some peopel the don't have confidence to make his/her decisions, because they don't believe by making their own decision. Moving place to place it's not really easy, because you have to have a plan which means decision before you start moving place to place, because you don't know what to do, so make your own decision to do what ever you want. Some peopel enjoy by moving place to place because moving place to place is help you to find a new things and to see how this world look like. As a person i really enjoy by traveing place to place because it's gonna help you to enjoy ,meet a new peopel, and new place it'a a lots fun. In addition, making your own decisions help you to have a confidence. However, making your own decision is definitly a best way to do what ever you want.

Finally, making your own decisions is helps you to separate dad and good things in your life. In this world there is many kidn of problems is going come in your way. In this condition you have to know which one is good which one is bad which means you have to make your own decision to make your life esay. Some peopel they don't know what to do when something happen in their life. Every time you have to have a decision and choices for every sengle things in your life. This is a few decisions peopel can make it, we can make more than this decisions.

In short, making your own decisions is very helpful and best way to have esay and better life . Some peopel make decision of marriage. making decision for marriage is one of the bigest decision you can do in your life time. Also, making your own decision is the right peopel got by constitution and naturally. The others thing peopel can do is moving palce to place and decisions of know a good and bad things. Making you own decision is helps you, your family, and other peopel around you. This three different thigs peopel can do by making his/her own decision. 