Imagine if we accomplish more, if we are always doing something. Some people accomplished their goals in life, but some people dont do nothing to accomplished what they want. I would like to accomplish my goals in life; there are three thing that I would like to accomplish: having a success career, graduate from high school with an advance diploma, and studied the area of medical. I dont know why people dont accomplish something in life. People always says that things happen for a reason. There could be reasons of why things happen or not. In my opinion, people should always by doing something. If people accomplish what they want, then there would not be a purpose. It doesnt matter where we are, we could always be doing something. We could accomplish more by: helping our parents, being active, and helping our community.

My first reason, We could be doing something by helping our parents. It would be wonderful if we could help our parents at home, or, most thing may be done at home. Helping them by with laundry and cleaning the rooms, so, they dont be tire that much because they just come from work. Helping them with the chores would be a great choice because they would not be too tired from work. Helping our parents is good because they help us when we were little. By doing the chore is our responsibly because they could be mad.

My second reason, helping our community. Helping the community is a great choice because we could pick up trash so it doesnt pollute the our where we live. Helping other people good or bad. Some people could rape you or stole the money you have in your wallet. It depends of the people some people could be hypocrite and some people could be nice. The most important thing is help our community by pick up trash and cleaning the community. Our free time we could be helping the community so it doesnt pollute like other countries.

My last reason, being active anywhere we are. our health is important because if we dont care about our health, we could get disease. Doing one hour of exercise, workout, or something it could be good for our health. By always doing something our health could be healthy, and eat a good diet. Some of the disease are cholesterol, diabetes, and are other more disease if you dont eat healthy or you not do exercise. Being active is very important for you and other people.

Helping your parents is a great option because most things could be done. Helping the community is a great choice because we could pick up trash, so the community doesnt pollute where we live. Being active is very important because of your health. Your health is very important because you need to eat right and do exercise or workout. Some people accomplish something and some people dont accomplish nothing. If people accomplish what they want, there, would be no purpose. In mt opinion people should accomplish what they want in life. I hope people could accomplish something in life.