some people get in a good mood or something is happening that is happy. sometimes people just dont think about the bad mood they just want them to do be in a good mood.

people sometimes dont care about the mood or sometimes they want them to do something fun to be in a good mood. people should always be happy never sad,mad,bad mood. sometimes people get in a bad mood because when they wok up or when there mom get mad at them for thing they didt do and a lot of people are always sad. likely a lot of people always having a good attitude. wider why people do get mad a lot for nothing.

people should make other people happy when there in a bad mood or when they need help some people get bully a lot of this word they should help does people and try to make them happy and never one should be nice to other and tell people that you trust dont tell no one who is fake to you or something like that and its good if you tell your teacher for help if something is happening people should never be sad in this word god made this word so people can be happy when a slime face and be kind to people and never do bad stuff and be in a good mood. never do what people tell you what to do,be you believe in yourself do never give up in life. if people say that you cant do nothing dont be with them if there your friends because there are fake to you. dont be sad what people say,always do your best and get real people in your life. do good at school never be in a bad mood at school people can think its because of the teacher or its because you dont want to be at school because its boring.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   