Hello dear reader. In the follows paragraphs I would like to tell you what I think about this issue because i believe that everyone got opinions or some ideas about this new "proposal" as well. First, I would like to discuss if this "proposal' makes sence to me or not and wich are the advantages and disadvantages.

First thing I may say is the advatage and the disadvantage that we probably can see or find in the proposal. One adventage that comes along with this proposal is one schools day less. If the school follows the whole proposal; we can say or expect that friday or anyday will be off; wich means no school for us. In addition, we will have three days free. So, we can spent more time donig what we most love or enjoy. In the other hand, we have the disadvantages. I personally found one hugh disadvantage, the time. I personally think that the time that we will spent in the school is alot. Just think about it , how do you going to fell staying about 10 hours in the same place , spacially when that plece is not home. You might be get uncomfortable, or little irritable.

Secondly, I totally agree with the proposal because we gonna get more help on schools subject wich is good for us. Also we will avaible to do more school activities such as sports, fell trips, math stuff or any other amazing things. Besides, we will learnd more things such as lenguague stuff. like I said in my las sentence more time in the school could works for many of us.

Lastly, One more day free. We gonna spent more time in school, but at the same time we also can get one more day free. Folllowing the proposal we also can get other day free like Saturday or Sunday wich is good for us because that day could be any day of the week. So, this means that we are avaible to do more thinghs that we most enjoy or love, for example, play videogames , go to the park , take wallks and other amazing things.

Conclusion, the new proposal has a good advantages over the disadvantages. I completly agree with this and I am sure the proposal is benefial and will work for us. Also, we will save energy and resources , at the same time we gonna get benefits from it.     