One topic that is frecuently dabated is if the schools should control students involvement in extracurricular activities. Some people think that the school should take control of the students extra activities and extra time. They feel that students need more educational activities to enrich their knowledgement at school. I believe that students should decided what they want to do with their extra time after school because some students have to work to help their families, some students have to get home earlier to take care of their sibbilings while their parents are at work and students like to do some other activities like sports, art or homework.

First, students have to work to help their parents and sibilings, it could be difficult to work and study at the same time, you get tired and all you think is get home and sleep, students who work do not have time to study for a quiz, test or do homework. However. Study hall could help them finish their homework, students who work don't get involved in extracurricular activities bacause they don't have time to make it through. But also they work for saving money for college, this is an a good idea because you are investing for your future. That is why students who work have to give up with some other acctivities that they want to do.

Second, some students have to get home early to take care of their sibbilings while their parents are at work, most of them can't afford a babysitter, this students might have the time to involve in a club, probably when one of their parents have a day off. They can do homework or other assigments for school or home while they are taking care of their sibbilings like made food for them, clean the house, laundry etc. That can get difficult for them because they have different responsabilities at the same time that they have to take care of school.

Third, other students like to do different activities like sports, they like to exercide everyday after school, there are many sports that hey can practice such as bascketball, baseball, tennis, gymnastics, etc. other students like to do art, envirroment and learn another language they can sign up for any club that they are interested on. This students are deffinetly involve in extracurricular activities from school, but they decided what they want to do with this extra time and the school do not have to tell them what should they do.

As have you read this are my reasons why I believe schools should not take control of the students activities after school. When we get to know each others personal dreams and problems this world is going to change because we are going to understand how people work hard to get succes and happiness. 