Your character will be what you yourself choose to make it. words that The British naturalist and politician John Lubbock wrote. Do we choose our own character traits, or is our character formed by influences beyond our control? My position is that we choose our own character traits. Why because Your character will be what you are and who you are.

Your charcter will be what you yourself choose to do. A reason is each person has there own way of being who they are. There is diferent types of characters that make each person unique in there own way. I also think that there is character formed by influence. there is alot of character that we can have. Many have very little and many have alot of character. example some people have a very sweet chacter in something they love or some people have a diffrent charcter trait that dont like to show it .

character traits is away to show your personality. When you go to a job interview the person that is taking your interview is looking at your characteristic is seeing how you are if you have a good charateristic or if you have a bad charcteristic. You are going to show your chacteristic by the way you inturduce yourself by the way you speak your body laguage. You are going to do what you feel conterble in doing. Many ask you to descibe yourself and by what you say they see if that is your charcteristic.

Character Traits are one of the ways that descibe how we are as a person. For example people describe me as a shy person that likes to help that is always offering to help. I also get descibed as a person that gets mad easily but does its best to not show it as much and pretents nothing has happeaned. Thats how some people descibe me. For me charcter traits is something that is you that makes you special in some way.

everywhere you go there is going to be someone seing your chacteristic. You make your own chacter, its something you do that describes who you are.

Depending in how you feel thats what you going to show which is your charcter trait it all depends in us we make our own character trait in the way we feel and act. its important to always show a good atitud for we can be described in a good way and try to have some good charcter trait for we can have a good reputation in life.

For example John Lubbock wrote "your character will be what you yourself choose to make it.

Is very true we all make our own character and that makes us who we are and is something that makes you speical and the way you are.

Many people dont think that the charteristic is not as important they dont pay much attention to it because they maybe just like the looks but the charter has so much to say.

charcter is not only in humans its also in animals.

you describe a animal by its charcter by the way they act and take things. its very important to see the diffrents charateristic.

Many people when they go out with someone first they ask people what kind of personality that person they are going out with or wanting know. you can tell even by there looks and there body languge what kind of chacteristic they have because everyone makes there own charater.