If you master a subject you like and dont try pushing your limits you wont succeed.

Why wouldnt you want to push your limits?

Theirs a reason why people get stuck in life, when they master their subject.

They get fustrated when they can't find jobs or good pay wage.

I agree on what Author Ralph Waldo Emereson because if you dont have that motivation on what you master it can affect you.

If you dont push yourself into doing more than beyond than life will not treat you as you wanted.

I agree on Author Ralph because I've experience things in life that if you dont try on something , than you wont be able to grow.

If you look at bill gates he master on his program and what did he do he share his product and open stores. He grew just by mastering his program. My experience was mastering in learning how rebuild a engine from just the block to how to make more power. Now im fixing peoples cars and doing tunes for their cars.

I know these guys that called themself diesel brothers. They are master diesel technician. So what did they do? They bought a shop , got a crew and got sign to do a tv show. They work on diesel trucks, diesel cars and anything that is diesel. Then they decided to do custom trucks and custom military cars. That wasn't enough for them, so they came up with ideas to use military axles and putting them on custom trucks making those trucks so heavy duty they can even pull a train!

My father told me that you should never stop, even if you reach that goal. He said," you reach that goal make another goal, you can't stop at what your doing and if you do,than theirs going to be bumps in the road and than your going to make huge mistakes." just from those words it's like million bucks to me. Why because if you stop at what you master ,than somebody is going to master it better than you ever thought and your not going to grow from it.

When they master their subject, those people get happy right but whats next? Lets say you master your subject and than you find a job that pays good. The money looks good and you stay at that job for a couple of years. I'd say that probably 75 percent of you staying at that job will make your miserable. People get bored and can't find nothing else to do,but do the exact samething over again. It's going to make you want ot quit and find something else to do. Then once you quit your job what's going to be in your mind? Probably nothing at the moment,but then your realize that you master that subject and want to share it, make it to your own business and improve from it.

So I do agree on what Author Ralph waldo Emerson wrote. I believe that if you dont go beyond your goal than you wont succeed in life. So make sure that you push yourself even if its harder. I promise you that you will succeed,have better thought, better examples and freedom. Remember having to do more you will get more in return.     