Thomas Jefferson wrote

The president Thomas Jefferson wrote "it is wonderful how much may be done if we are doing." what these means is if your always work, even for society or for your self. Do we accomplish more if we are always doing something,or does inactivity also serve a purpose?. Some says inactivity serve a purpose because is a rest to get strong and keep working. Although some say always doing something is better because if you always work hard you get your goals and you are productive to the society.

Millions of people wake up every morning to work give all of them and make their best doing work, but what about people who don't work. Even if you can't find a job you can rapport to the society or your growth as a person. you can do social work or help people, you have to be an active person. Is important to say everybody needs to rest, but if you get to much rest you won't be able to reach your dreams and goals.

Do something always is good if your doing good things, work hard and passionate for what your do every person who work is for something. they want to reach goals dreams some of them got to pay to much thing or some of them just love work and make money or support your family. everybody works for something and that makes them work. My mom always tell me if you want something go for it, make it happen all of us needs a good future a better future, thats why you always have to do something. It is the reason why is better doing something than nothing.

Lets talk about the society view. In society you have to do something even if you have a dream or not because you gotta eat, where to live, pay bills, taxes and any needs that you have to cover so you have to have a job. And not just a job you can do other things to always do something like i said before help people that makes you growth as a person, and even tho is free or they pay you if you love what your do, or love to do a productive human for the society you will consider do good things.

Do something is important in the humanity because that makes these world work and grow up. dreams and goals make people do what their do. think about if you are a productive person or you does inactivity may be changes your mind. in conclusion the president Thomas Jefferson give us these quote to think about what do we do or what we should do on our life. Is good to take a break, but don't forget you have goals an dreams that you have to make them reality.    