I believe that graduating high school in three years is the best option out there, the reason why i support this statement is because, i myself i'm graduating early the reason why i decided to this was because, i felt like i was too mature for highschool and i felt like i could do more things that highscool will limit me from doing. So many students see high school as an embergo, high school literally takes four years that alot of time, we could be out there gaining expreinces from being in the workforce and actually studying what we want to do, i also feel like highschool don't really focus on what the students actually want to do, we take classes that we won't even need after high school. Ok let look at it this way, when we take history classes in highschool are kids really going to remember what was George Washington favorite food? or when did the civil war began? yes i know it can be important for us to know our history but we should'nt be taking it for four years non-stop. For example let take a look at bill gates he was a smart kid in highschool, he also use to sneak to the college libary to do his work, because he felt like high school didn't offer him the amount of knowledge he needed so he decided to drop out of high school, and has you can see his on of the top billionairs in the World. What if there is a kid like that in highschool and he/she felt like highschool is not giving him the amount of knowledge he needed and he wants to graduate early but he can't do that because, were required to take four years of everything, and it's totally not fair. When i decided to graduate early, both my counselors and teachers where discouraging me that i should'nt do it, that colleges frown at those type of stuff and all that, but they did'nt know that i already made up my mind and i felt like i was ready to take on the world all by myself without the help of my parents. In conclusion i think three years of highschool should be encouraged alot in highschool, so kids can go out there and explore and live their dreams and actually study what they want to study. And they should'nt really make students take boring courses like history for four years of high shool non stop. I'm very happy to say that i'm class of 2020!! instead of 2021, And i'm very happy that i took that road.