Disagree about extending the school days two hour long and be a four day school week, the reason I disagree with this event is beacause if the school extend the day 2 hours can mess up the student schedule after school ends. The students may have to reschdule some of the things that may have to do after schools end and some student can't changed there schdule at all also more stress can happen to the students.

Some student have things to do after school like they have a jobs go to after school ends, I have a friend that has a job he go to after school end and to go right away or he will be late for work that can lead to him fired. I have art school after schools ends and I need to be there on time to finish part of my art work that help me get in to college. Some of the student may have go to an importent event that has a time on it like a funeral in a diffrent state and that can lead to get behind in class work.

More work may over stress the student mind and they might fall behind in things that might be inmported, the student may have less time to sleep to get work done on time beacuse there schdule maybe get more cramp with work to do, then they were before the school have added one more hour of school day. And the classes may have more work to do in class that can lead to more stress to the students and more homework to finish off at home.

Sure when students become an college students and adults they have more thing to do in there schudule then a student in high schools. But student do extra thing to get in to the college they want to get in to. I am trying to get in to a art college, so im going to an art schools for 5 hours to make my paforlio for it. I'm also making my essay and taking the sat to get into the art college I want to get in. Now lets add two hours for my school I have to reschdule my art school time then after art school I need to eat dinner then do my home work and I have little to no sleep trying to get my homework done in time for the next day.