some school districts offer programs that allow high school student to graduate in three years insted of the tradional four years. I believe that high school student should not allow to graduate in three years. Beacuse for example they are not going to have free time with friends, it's hard for student who learnd new language and some student work afther school. Did you imagen yours child spend all day at school studying hard out seem their parents most of the day just want tham graduate in less then four years.

To begin with, all single child or student need to have free time play with the friends the student don't have to worry about stay afther school to study. most student like afther school go to thier friends houses to play video game, go to eat restaurent also student who graduate in four years don't have to be take any clases during summer or evenings. they can have time to play any sport they like during summer insted of be in at school taking any clases.

In addition for those student who are learning a new language three years is not enought time to learnd every single studnet differnt time to learn some of than learn faster than others student this program that offer that allow high school student graduate in three years,may have to know that each student laern differenly. Anothers disavanges to graduate in three years insted of four is that student don't have time to secand chances to take any felling sol or test they must have to pass each test or sol each years to able to graduate. I feel that is too much prechers for student who learning a new language that they don't have enought time to learn better, that can effect the student when they want to attend to go to callage. It's song that one years can't make any different but,for must of student will be make different,in one years we can prepere student whow callage are what is the different bitween high school classes and callage classes.

The least but list as we know some student work afther school the issue is that this student don't have time to do their homework and study for any test some tham student work fourty hours per week they are going to sleep late night it's hard to attend to school everyday and work at the same time. they just not focus in school they have anothers responsability for example, help their family pay bill or rent so,this student may take the four years to graduate from high school they can do some make up some work and study.

Inconclusion In my opinon the student from high school should not allow to graduate in three years we can keep traditional four years. in this case the student can have more time to play with the friends, time to learn better a new language learn more in high school to be ready for callage and they can have time to help their family with anything this programs should help the student to keep traditional four years the student are future any country may have suppor with are better for them.    