I agree with Churchill' statement about the important role that failure plays in the pursuit of succes, because the way to become to the success is not gonna be easy. All the people that try to have a good success they gonna have failure on the way and sometime they fall apart, but they never have to loss their enthusianm, because the succes consists in fall apart and wake up again, and keep going looking for a good success that gonna be graet for their life and their family gonna be haughty of them.

I agree because, the life gonna put many impediment to have a good success we have to keep going do not have to loss aur enthusiasm, for example. My family came of a poor family, but I have an ancle that he never loss his enthusiasm of has a good success, so he worked too hard for it. One failure that he has on his way to the succes was the poorness, but he keep going wrestlering for get uot of the poorness and help his father and mother, one day he found a job and begin to meke money and his first thing that he made was to buy a bed for him, then he to begin to save money to come to this country, now he has a lot money in his bank account because he put his own company of landscaping, but he never loss his enthusiasm about his success.

I agree with this statement, because there is a lot example of how the people have many failure and they keep going never loss their enthusiasm of their success, one of this example is of one soccer player his name is Cristiano Ronaldo. He is a famous soccer player, but to have a great success he had many failure one of thase failure was that his father died when hi was a kid it was hard for him even has to see a psychologist and he to overcome that, he keep going looking for his success, but he failure again because the people and couche's that saw him, don't believe him they say like he doesn't has future, but he keep work in his success and show to all the people that don't believe him that they was wrong. Because he has a future and he gonna has a great success, now he is the best soccer player in the world for many people, but he always worked so hard to get out of the failure and he to obtain a good success.

I agree with Mister Churchill, because the way for a great success is gonna be long and we gonna have many filure to obtain this, for example. I am trying to graduate from high school, but one of failure was that it is not been easy for me, because this is a new language for me and it is dificult to talk, but I keeping going trying to get my diploma , another failure is that I have to work for pay may rent and buy my own stuff, shoes, clothes, and food, it make more dificult to have my success, but I know that success consists on fall apart and wake up, but I never loss my enthusiasm of to be graduate from high school. One day I gonna say that my success wasn't easy but I obtain a good success.

In Conclution I agree with "churchill's statement about success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm". I agree with him because on the way to a great success we gonna have many failure but we don'thave to loss our enthusiasm, because in the world there is a lot people that they never loss their enthusiasm, even when they have a failure they always weke up and keek going, now they have a good success, so if we want a great success in our life we have to keep going wrestlering with all the failure that we gonna have. One day we gonna say I made it and we gonna have a great success.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         